					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Imir Vereen
CHOP MRN#: 02688363
DOB:  2/4/2007


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 07/11/22 11:15 
Admission/Appointment Date 07/09/22 
Referral Date 07/11/22 
Referral Source Consultation Requested By: 
Consultation Requested by:  Other: 
Other Team: trauma regulations 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: ICU 
Primary Service: Trauma 
Consulting Service: Infectious Diseases;Neurology;Neurosurgery;Cardiology 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 07/11/22 11:15 
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);RELATIVE(S) 
Parent Information: Mother:  Tiffany York  cell:  267-665-9477     Father:  Nathaniel Vereen  cell:  267-409-6845 
Relative Information: MGF; Maternal Uncle (17 yo) 
School Status GRADE 
Grade Comment: entering 10th grade Harriton High School 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 07/11/22 11:15 
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? mother and father 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 07/11/22 11:15 
Mental Health NO 
Home Environment: NOT ASSESSED 
Home Environment not assessed comment: unable 
CPS Involvement NO 
Housing instability NO 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues YES 
Legal Issues comment: No history; Police investigation (Lower Merion  610-649-1000) due to nature of events leading to Imir's hospitalization. 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PATIENT;PARENT 
Patient Strengths supportive family; extended family supports; enjoys dancing and music; enjoys playing basketball and football 
Parent Strengths easily engaged; supportive presence at bedside; attentive at bedside; able to articulate needs and concerns; extended family support 
Parent Stressors events leading to child's critical care admission; child's traumatic and severe injuries 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: PUBLIC ASSISTANCE/SSI 
Public assistance/SSI comment: Aetna Better Health insurance 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 07/11/22 11:15 
Resource Needs Problem: NONE IDENTIFIED 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 07/11/22 11:15 
Adjustment Problems EXPOSURE TO TRAUMA;ADJUSTMENT TO DIAGNOSIS;ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Family will demonstrate effective adjustment and coping with hospitalization. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization SW will continue to meet with family for emotional support, coping management and needs' assessment. 
Intervention/Plan -Adjustment to Diagnosis SW will continue to meet with family for emotional support, coping management and needs' assessment. 
Intervention/Plan - Exposure to Trauma SW will continue to meet with family for emotional support, coping management and needs' assessment.  SW will provide family with outpatient supportive therapy provider resources. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 07/11/22 11:15 
Relationships/Behavior Problems SUSPECTED ABUSE/NEGLECT;NONE IDENTIFIED 
ntervention/Plan - Suspected abuse/neglect There are no SW concerns with child abuse and neglect identified at this time. 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 07/11/22 11:15 
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;FRONT LINE CLINICIAN;NURSING;SOCIAL WORK 
Time Spent (min) 90 min 
Acuity  Level 3 


Epic medical record reviewed; Trauma morning report discussion with ongoing collaboration with Trauma NP.


Per Chart Review, OSH's SW documentation states: 'the RN learned that patient and friend were playing and thought it was a BB gun'.  OSH SW further documents that 'family members are not suspects', per her discussion with Lower Merion Detective.  
Lower Merion PD:  610-649-1000
Detective Tony Caso (Lead Investigator)  215-480-0579


SW met with mother at bedside for introduction, emotional support and assessment.  Father is present however sleeping during discussion.


Mother demonstrates adequate adjustment with Imir's transfer to CHOP.  Mother states that she and father alternate sleeping, so that one parent is awake for child at all times.  


Mother states that Imir lives at home with mother, father, MGF, and 17 yo maternal uncle.  Imir has no siblings, per mother. 


SW encouraging parents to practice self care during hospitalization, including resting as able and eating regular meal.  SW providing parents with written process to purchase $5 guest meal vouchers to order meal for bedside delivery, and provided Trauma Patient/Family Handbook for additional resources and guidance.


Mother sharing that her typical method of coping with stress is to 'not think about it'.  


Mother verbalizing her preference for maternal great aunt (Ruth Gonzalez) to be present for any family meetings; Trauma and bedside nurse made aware.


SW providing emotional support throughout discussion via compassionate presence, attentive listening, validation of expression and mindful feedback.


SW will continue to follow for ongoing emotional support and needs' assessment during hospitalization.








Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW
11:23 AM
7/11/2022
