 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Nelsida Almengo
CHOP MRN#: 56862949
DOB:  7/7/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  7/26/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  2:07 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization, Diagnosis, Coping with illness/disability and Treatment 


Progress: Ongoing. SW met the mother briefly yesterday following a bedside discussion with a Physician and her Team discussing the need for another blood test with concern about airway obstruction and patient's oxygen level that needs further studies for evaluation. SW noticed the frustration being expressed by the mother over what she feels have been repeated tests and the long process during this 3 week admission so far. The mother has been staying here throughout the admission, has supports from her brother and the MGM, who, by report has been quite upset and expressive about the care thus far. The mother is a single parent, the FOB is bot involved according to the mother, and she has been given time off from her job with Amazon to be here with the patient. The mother did agree with the plan for the blood test yesterday but later when meeting briefly with SW she expressed how uncomfortable she has become with the care at CHOP with a level of mistrust as to whether CHOP is on the right path toward helping her baby soon as her patience is growing thin.



 Plan: SW will plan to be present when possible during Rounds with the family in order to remain up to date with the explanations, updates, and plans of care, in order to be consistent with information given for supportive counseling. SW would like to suggest a family meeting at some point soon, which the mother felt was a positive idea since she is very unsure about how much to trust what she is hearing, especially since there has been so many services involved and communicating with her. The mother continues to mention having thoughts of going to another hospital but at the moment, with the results of the latest test results, no reports of such thoughts have been actively an issue.


Time Spent: 30 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Raymond Hendricks, MSW	
7/26/2022	2:07 PM














