 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Alexis Walkowitz
CHOP MRN#: 56869565
DOB:  7/21/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  8/1/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  1:40 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 
Other:  Communication with providers and family 


Progress: 


SW met with pt's father (Derek) and partner (Crystal) at bedside to check in and assess ongoing coping and needs. Derek shared concerns about not being updated over the weekend and asked to be contacted first at this time, as pt's mother (Alexis) is currently unavailable. SW shared that SW will help to clarify this in the chart. SW confirmed that Derek was contacted regularly last week and provided needed consents. 


Visitors: Limited visitors at this time include pt's father (Derek), father's partner (Crystal), and maternal great-grandparents (Paula Neff and Sumner Adams). SW explained to the family that pt's mother (Alexis) will be added back to visitor list as soon as she is able to visit again, all in agreement. SW reached out to front desk to confirm visitor list changes. 


Pt's two parents/legal guardians are the only individuals who can provide consent at this time. Derek shared that he would be in agreement for pt's mother to sign a Medical Consent Authorization for maternal great-grandmother if she wishes, to help allow a second caregiver to be available for consents as needed. The paperwork has not been signed at this time. 


SW contacted John Brooks Recovery Center in Mays Landing, NJ and left a voicemail to provide SW's contact information and assist with facilitating communication as appropriate for pt's mother. 


SW received phone call from DCPP Supervisor Lisa Booth (609-802-3066) requesting medical updates. SW shared recent updates including ECMO decannulation and shared that pt's father has visited bedside. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow and provide support. SW will continue to be available to the family and medical team. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
8/1/2022	1:40 PM














