					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Keeleigh Glassman
CHOP MRN#: 56873805
DOB:  10/2/2016


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 08/01/22  
Admission/Appointment Date 07/30/22 
Referral Date 08/01/22 
Referral Source Consultation Requested By: 
Consultation Requested by:  Other: 
Other Team: trauma regulations 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: ICU 
Primary Service: Trauma 
Consulting Service: Plastic Surgery;OMFS;Infectious Diseases 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 08/01/22  
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);CHILDREN IN THE HOME 
Parent Information: mother:  Dianna Robinson-Glassman   father:  Andrew Glassman 
Children in the home Information: 2 yo brother Grady. 
School Status GRADE 
Grade Comment: entering kindergarten in fall 2022 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 08/01/22  
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? mother and father 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 08/01/22  
Mental Health YES 
Mental Health Comment: Parents each have history of emotional health and outpatient treatment; none current 
Mental Health Not Assessed Comment:  
Home Environment: NOT ASSESSED 
Home Environment not assessed comment: unable 
CPS Involvement NO 
CPS involvment not assessed comment:  
Housing instability NO 
Housing instability not assessed  
Food insecurity NO 
Food Insecurity not assessed  
Substance Abuse NO 
Substance abuse not assessed  
Legal Issues NO 
Legal Issues not assessed  
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PATIENT;PARENT 
Patient Strengths supportive family presence 
Parent Strengths easily engaged; open; able to articulate needs and concerns; asks appropriate questions; supportive at bedside; attentive to Keeleigh's needs 
Parent Stressors trauma exposure; child's critical care admission with multiple injuries 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: NONE 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 08/01/22  
Resource Needs Problem: NONE IDENTIFIED 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 08/01/22  
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION;EXPOSURE TO TRAUMA 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Patient and family will demonstrate effective adjustment and coping with hospitalization and injuries. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization SW will continue to follow for ongoing emotional support, coping management and needs' assessment during hospitalization; SW reviewed and provided mother with Trauma Patient and Family Handbook, process to purchase $5 meal vouchers for guest tray delivery to bedside, and additional resources. 
Intervention/Plan - Exposure to Trauma SW will continue to follow for ongoing emotional support, coping management and needs' assessment during hospitalization; SW reviewed and provided mother with Trauma Patient and Family Handbook, process to purchase $5 meal vouchers for guest tray delivery to bedside, and additional resources.  SW will provide outpatient trauma focused therapy resources local to community of residence, prior to discharge. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 08/01/22  
Relationships/Behavior Problems NONE IDENTIFIED;SUSPECTED ABUSE/NEGLECT 
ntervention/Plan - Suspected abuse/neglect There are no SW concerns for child abuse and neglect identified at this time. 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 08/01/22  
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;FRONT LINE CLINICIAN;NURSING;SOCIAL WORK 
Time Spent (min) 90 min 
Acuity  Level 3 


Epic medical record reviewed; Trauma morning report discussion with ongoing collaboration with Trauma NP.


SW met with mother and father at bedside for introduction, emotional support and assessment.  Trauma NP team present for medical assessment and plan of care discussion.  
Father stepped away, while mother re-told events leading to child's injuries.


Mother states that mother, father, Keeleigh and her younger brother went to visit maternal grandparents' home in southern Delaware; maternal uncle, his wife and newborn were also visiting.  Upon arrival, mother noticed that maternal uncle brought their family dog, a 140 lb Cane Corso.  Mother verbalized the canine's history of aggression with other dogs and feelings of uneasiness around this dog.  Mother stated they arrived on Friday afternoon about 2:00pm.  On Saturday, maternal uncle and his family left home to go to the beach.  Father left home to go deep sea fishing.  Mother, Keeleigh, her younger brother and grandparents were home with the dog.  Mother stated 
They were preparing to go outside to go swimming; Keeleigh was with grandparents and mother went upstairs to change when she heard a 'yelp or scream'.  Mother ran downstairs to see Keeleigh crouching in fetal position with hands over her head (mother demonstrated a head protective position) against the wall, and the dog was cowering over child.  Mother ran towards child and dog attacked, grabbing her head by its mouth.  Mother states her efforts to remove dog and its grip, while visually reliving the traumatic experience.  SW interrupted, and expressed to mother the description was very helpful and provided mother option to no longer continue due to the emotional distress being caused with the retelling of events.  Mother chose to continue describing the events in great detail.  Mother states the dog was pulling child's scalp off; mother was able to remove dog however it quickly grabbed another area of child's head.  Mother was simultaneously fighting the dog, when it also bit child's face.  Mother was able to cover her child with her own body, and managed to get her child to the protected space of a nearby bathroom.  911 was called; father was called and met mother at OSH and subsequently transferred to CHOP.  


Regarding the dog, mother states 'I think the dog is being put down; I haven't really checked'.


Mother presents visibly shaken and distressed during discussion of events leading to child's hospitalization and multiple traumatic injuries.  SW providing emotional support via compassionate presence, attentive listening, validation of expression, and mindful discussion.


SW providing parents with Trauma Patient/Family Handbook and additional resources, including process to purchase $5 meal vouchers to order guest tray for bedside delivery.  


SW will continue to follow for ongoing emotional support, coping and needs' assessment during hospitalization.






Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW
3:32 PM
8/1/2022
