
Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 8/5/2022 1416)
Adjustment - Intervention - diagnosis:
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to address patient/family/caregiver questions and concerns through bedside rounding, team-family meetings, etc.)
 SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE










Progress:  
Family meeting held today with patient's parents, Neurology, Genetics, NIICU team, Case Management, bedside RN and SW. 


Patient's overall condition and prognosis was discussed at length. 
Patient's genetic tests and MRI were normal.  There is no known cause/diagnosis of patient's condition at this time. 


 Patient's condition remains critical and she has required an increase in respiratory support over the last two weeks. Patient continues to have a large amount of secretions that cause frequent events and need for intervention including mask/bagging. Patient had botox injections yesterday and has shown some improvement today however if patient continues to have events that require bagging then patient will be reintubated.  The medical teams expressed concern that patient's condition is not improving and is likely not reversible.  If patient is reintubated than it is likely that she will not be able to be extubated in the future and she will need a tracheostomy. 


Patient's parents expressed wishes to complete any and all diagnostic testing available . Patient will need a repeat MRI in the future and whole genome testing. Parents are in agreement with current plan of care and verbalize understanding of information provided .


SW spent time with parents after the meeting and they report coping well at this time. They expressed that this information was not new to them. They are balancing being hopeful for the future but maintaining realistic expectations. 


No other issues/concerns reported at this time








Plan: 
SW to continue to follow and provide support/ resources as needed


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Meredith Ann Huber, MSW	
8/5/2022	2:18 PM
