					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Jasmin Delnero
CHOP MRN#: 56877412
DOB:  10/5/2005


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 08/10/22 11:50 
Admission/Appointment Date 08/09/22 
Referral Date 08/10/22 
Referral Source Consultation Requested By: 
Consultation Requested by:  Other: 
Other Team: trauma regualtions 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: ICU 
Primary Service: Trauma 
Consulting Service: OMFS;Ophthalmology;Orthopedics;Neurosurgery;Neurology 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 08/10/22 11:50 
Patient living situation: RELATIVE(S);PARENT(S);CHILDREN IN THE HOME;OTHER 
Parent Information: Jasmin primarily resides with MGM: Bonnie Bettis 
Relative Information: 22 yo cousin with her 3 yo child; 19 yo cousin 
Children in the home Information: 18 yo brother 
Other Information: Jasmin spends time with her mother, Desiree Delnero; also residing in the home is mother's fiance, Keion Seals 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 08/10/22 11:50 
Custody documentation: REPORT OF CUSTODY ORDER BUT NOT PROVIDED AT THIS TIME 
Comment Mother reports that she and MGM (Bonnie Bettis) share legal custody; SW has requested that mother and/or MGM provide copy of custody documentation for child's medical record 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Pending receipt and review of court custody documentation.  At this time, mother  and will re-review once documentation received. 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 08/10/22 11:50 
Mental Health NO 
Home Environment: NO 
CPS Involvement NO 
Housing instability NO 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues NO 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PATIENT;PARENT 
Patient Strengths Supportive parent presence; extended family support 
Parent Strengths easily engaged; supportive at bedside; extended family support 
Parent Stressors events leading to child's admission; child's critical care admission; child's multiple traumatic injuries 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: PUBLIC ASSISTANCE/SSI 
Public assistance/SSI comment: medicaid 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 08/10/22 11:50 
Resource Needs Problem: NONE IDENTIFIED 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 08/10/22 11:50 
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION;EXPOSURE TO TRAUMA 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Paitent and family will demonstrate effective adjustment and coping with hospitalization, and distance from home. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization SW will continue to follow for ongoing emotional support, coping and needs' assessment during hospitalization. 
Intervention/Plan - Exposure to Trauma SW will continue to follow for ongoing emotional support, coping and needs' assessment during hospitalization.  SW will provide mother with Trauma Patient and Family Handbook for resources. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 08/10/22 11:50 
Relationships/Behavior Problems NONE IDENTIFIED;SUSPECTED ABUSE/NEGLECT 
ntervention/Plan - Suspected abuse/neglect There are no SW concerns for child abuse and neglect identified at this time. 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 08/10/22 11:50 
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;SOCIAL WORK 
Time Spent (min) 90 min 
Acuity  Level 3 


Epic medical record reviewed.  


SW collaboration with nursing for case discussion and planning.


SW met with mother at bedside throughout today for introduction, emotional support and assessment completion.


Mother reports that she has had three different stories to depict the events that led to child's hospitalization.  Mother knows that paternal brother, Xavier, was driving patient and his girlfriend.  Mother states they were traveling on a back road and going to Sheetz.  Mother states she was told they slipped and skidded and hit a telephone pole.  Mother reports that Xavier was uninjured and his girlfriend remains hospitalized with injuries.


Mother states that Jasmin has three total brothers: 26 yo maternal brother Christopher Osmond-Delnero; 18 yo maternal brother Jacob  Delnero; 19 (or 20) yo paternal brother Xavier Santiago.  Following provision of sibling information, SW reviewed current CHOP Covid Visitation Policy whereby siblings are permitted to visit and are not included in the total number of four visitors.
SW to add siblings to demographics for visitation as they are able.


Mother states that MGM brought in custody documentation last night, however is uncertain if a copy was made.  SW will follow up once patient returns from the OR.  SW requesting that MGM provide court custody documentation either in person later today, or she may take pictures of each page and forward to mother or this SW; contact information provided.


Mother maintains that she and MGM share legal custody, however Jasmin primarily resides in the home of MGM. Also residing in the home, includes 18 yo brother, 22 yo female cousin with her 3 yo child, and 19 yo male cousin.  Mother states Jasmin frequents her home often, and stays over.  Also living in mother's apartment is her fiance, Keion Seals.  


Mother states Jasmin is entering 11th grade High School in Fall 2022, and has been looking forward to school.   Mother states Jasmin's strengths include her feistiness, being headstrong, skateboarding, making Tik-Toks with friends, and spending time with her family.


SW providing emotional support throughout today via compassionate presence, attentive listening, validation of expression and mindful feedback.  SW encouraging mother to practice self care during hospitalization, including resting as able and eating regular meals while maintaining hydration.  SW reviewed and provided mother with written literature for process to purchase $5 meal vouchers to order guest meal for bedside delivery; SW encouraging mother to identify a long term plan to manage at bedside.  Mother has no expressed needs at this time, and is making arrangements for extended family to assist her with meals during admission.  SW will continue to assist mother with her planning and assess for concrete resource needs.


SW reviewed and provided mother with Trauma Patient and Family Handbook for hospital and community resources, in addition to the coping with emotional response to trauma.




Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW
12:09 PM
8/10/2022
