TRANSPLANT SOCIAL WORK ASSESSMENT 
Assessment Date 8/15/2022 Assessment Type Initial Assessment 
Assessment done in conjunction with psychology Yes Kara B. West, Ph.D.
Transplant Psychology Fellow and
Debra S. Lefkowitz, Psy.D Organ type: Heart 
PATIENT INFORMATION 
Name  Leilani Castillo Peralta DOB  3/13/2022 
MRN  56865556 Preferred Language Spanish



Address  24 W Liberty St
Allentown PA 18102
 Phone 484-982-1190 (M) 347-691-8224(D)



Email Address  Yohalisperalta115@gmail.com
 Family present at evaluation: Dad, Mom via Facetime 
FAMILY AND HOME ENVIRONMENT 
Household Composition 
Name Relationship Age Occupation/Employer 
Jorgeni Peralta mother 22 Not employed 
Jacob Castillo brother 3  
Leilani Castillo Peralta patient 5m  


















Steven Castillo-lives in separate household father 26 Truck driver-currently unemployed 






Parents marital status:  Single- Parents are not married and are not in a relationship  
Guardianship/Custody 
Primary Custody: mother and father
Visitation Guidelines: None
Custody/Court Order: None
Medical/Legal Decisions: mother and father
Child Welfare involvement: None 
Religious Background: Catholic Citizenship:  USA-patient  Mom is a US Citizen , Dad is a US Resident 
Comments  Parents seem to be amicable  and working together to co-parent their children 
SUPPORT 
Support System includes:  Dad stated that he did not have any supports. Mom's sister lives locally and is a support for Mom. She provides childcare for 3yo son. Maternal grandparents are also a support for Mom but they live in the Dominican Republic 
Who will be child's primary caregiver?  Parents 
Who will be responsible for bringing patient to clinic visits? Parents 
Who will be responsible for administering medication?  Parents 
Transportation:  their own car 
Comments:  
HEALTH AND DEVELOPMENT 
Child's primary diagnosis:  a 5 month old female with no significant past medical history who presented to OSH with shortness of breath, poor weight gain, and decreased feeding, found to have severe dilated cardiomyopathy. Being supported by Berlin LVAD placed 8/3/2022. She is currently being evaluated for a heart transplant.





Significant pre-natal, birth, or neonatal information:  Normal pregnancy newly diagnosed dilated cardiomyopathy . Berlin Heart placed 
Developmental Milestones: Newborn 
Relevant Family Health History:  
Home Nursing/Health Aide Services: ?No Agency/Schedule   
How do you manage your child's medication now?  
History of medication adherence: No history of complex medical regimen 
Child's understanding of disease and transplant process: Newborn 
Family's understanding of disease and transplant process: Adequate 
Concerns for Transplant: Parents stated they had a lot of worries and concerns but did not discuss specific concerns.  Mom stated that she was more worried about the VAD than she was worried about transplant. 
Do you want to move forward with transplant if your child is eligible? Yes
Comments: Parents were able to provide an adequate medical history and events that led up to evaluation for transplant. Parents seem to have a good understanding of transplant.  Parents seemed to understand the risks and benefits of transplantation. Parents verbalized awareness of post-transplant care, including lifelong medications and frequency of clinic appointments. Parents stated that they  heard about Transplant as a treatment option after patient was admitted to CHOP. Parents expressed that they were surprised that patient was not listed for transplant when she had the Berlin Heart placed.Parents stated that they are motivated to move forward with transplant. Dad stated that there are no other options



MENTAL HEALTH/SUBSTANCE ABUSE 
Family hx mental health diagnosis: No
Family hx seeing counselor/therapist: No
Family hx substance abuse/misuse: No
Comments:



EDUCATION HISTORY 
School N/A Grade 
School-based services 
 Attendance: 
Comments: 
INSURANCE/FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Income Salary/Wages
 Insurance Coverage for Transplant Primary PAMA
 Secondary 
Secondary MA eligible? No
Medicare eligible? No 
Family plan to pay out-of-pocket expenses (housing, transportation): unknown FMLA plan/eligibility:  
Employment concerns: Dad has been out of work for 1 month Comments  
EMOTIONAL/PSYCHOSOCIAL PROFILE 
Coping ability and strategies: Dad did not identify any coping strategies but stated that spending time with patient helps him to cope.Mom 
Child's hobbies/interests:  
Child's temperament/personality:  
Family and patient's adjustment to chronic illness:  
Additional family stressors: Finances- Dad is currently not working 
Family strengths : can articulate needs, understands illness 
Family challenges:new diagnosis, caring for a baby with chronic illness,complex decision making, long hospital course, limited resources, caring for another small child at home 
Comments: 
ADDITIONAL PROBLEMS IDENTIFIED (High-risk assessment): 
Parents deny any history of CPS involvement 
Parents deny any history of Domestic Violence
Parents deny having any legal issues
Parents deny having any weapons in the home





IMPRESSIONS/RECOMMENDATIONS 
Social Work and Psychology met with parents  to discuss social, housing, financial and personal supports.  Family is from Allentown,PA, approximately 1hr &30 mins away from the hospital. Patient lives at home with Mom and 3year old brother. Dad lives in a separate household but is involved in co parenting. Mom is currently unemployed.Dad drives a truck but stated that he has been unable to work since patient became ill.  Patient has active health insurance. Parents stated thay have a limited local support system. Mom 's sister helps care for 3yo sibling but extended maternal family is in the Dominican Republic.  Parents seem to  understand the risks and benefits of transplant. Parents also seemed to have an adequate  understanding regarding the transplant process and post-transplant care. Parents aware that  patient will be on life long medication and will need to have frequent follow-up visits post transplant. Parents stated they are motivated  to move forward with transplant. Parents seem to be coping appropriately. Dad's affect was flat and he stated that he is still processing events that led to transplant. He stated they brought in patient for a cold. Dad stated that he copes by being with patient. Mom stated that she is also feeling overwhelmed by the events and she copes by also spending time with her son.  Both parents described the events as completely changing their lives. Dad  identified finances as an any additional stressor. Dad stated that he helps to support the family financially and he has been unable to work due to being at the bedside to support patient.  It will be important for parents to continue to  seek out and utilize resources to help cope with the stressors of managing the health needs of a child with a chronic illness.  Psychology and Social Work support  would be beneficial to family to assess ongoing psychosocial needs and provide support. Ongoing education about transplant process and expectations would also be beneficial to parents as they continue to process patient's medical course.There are no significant risk-factors associated with poor post-transplant outcome or treatment adherence


Based on the information provided in this evaluation, there are no significant psychosocial contraindications to transplant. 



PLAN/RECOMMENDATIONS 
SW to continue to monitor psychosocial status and provide appropriate emotional support and resources.
~SW to continue to collaborate with medical team in addressing needs of patient and family
~SW will continue to assist parents in identifying and utilizing appropriate and available supports to maintain the best level of health and functioning possible.  
~SW will continue to assist parents in identifying and utilizing resources to help with coping with the stressor of managing the health needs of a child with a chronic illness 





















Social worker Acuity and Time Spent


Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


120 minutes




