 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: Jasmin Delnero
CHOP MRN#: 56877412
DOB:  10/5/2005
TODAY'S DATE:  8/15/2022
TODAY'S TIME: 3:01 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  


Additional Comments: 


Epic medical record reviewed; Trauma morning report discussion.


SW received voicemail message from MGM left on Friday night, whereby MGM does not want to change visitation list at the time of message.  SW attempt to return call however no answer and voicemail is not set up.


SW contacted father, Romandes Santiago, Jr, for introduction and to discuss visitation.  MGM and mother share legal custody and would need to both agree for father to be placed on visitation list.  SW encouraging father to speak with MGM and mother if he would like to be added to visitation.  Explained COVID Visitor Policy at present, whereby changes to visitors may not be made until after first two weeks of hospitalization.  SW providing emotional support to father by telephone via attentive listening and mindful feedback.


SW met with mother at bedside for supportive check in and needs' assessment.  Mother states she did get paid on Friday 8/12.  Mother expressing she typically orders one meal via door dash delivery to CHOP.  SW encouraging mother to consider purchasing $5 guest meal vouchers to order meal from patient menu for bedside delivery. SW discussed cost effectiveness for families with use of guest meal vouchers.  SW approved and provided mother with three meal vouchers today (one daily through Wednesday) due to financial strain, distance from home and while mother identifies a sustainable long term plan. SW discussed process to order guest tray for bedside delivery and may use SW meal Voucher, or may use voucher in cafeteria for $7 monetary value.  SW re-reviewed with mother how to purchase $5 guest meal vouchers on the website, and encouraged extended family to consider supporting mother in this capacity during hospitalization.  SW collaboration with bedside RN with request for patient menu to be provided to mother.


SW providing emotional support via compassionate presence, attentive listening and mindful feedback during bedside conversation.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW	
8/15/2022	3:01 PM
























