					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Lewis Stephan White-Ballard
CHOP MRN#: 56880393
DOB:  8/2/2022


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 08/17/22  
Admission/Appointment Date 08/17/22 
Referral Date 08/17/22 
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: ED 
Primary Service: Emergency Medicine 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 08/17/22  
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);CHILDREN IN THE HOME 
Parent Information: pt lives with mother and father, 
Children in the home Information: pt lives with twin sister, and 6 other siblings ages 12, 11, 7, 4, 4,2. 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 08/17/22  
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 08/17/22  
Mental Health NO 
Home Environment: NO 
CPS Involvement YES 
CPS involvment comment: ongoing CYS involvement for all children in the home. The 6 siblings were removed by DCPP and then 5 were placed back with mom. One sibling was adopted. CYS involved due to neglect, domestic violence, and ongoing substance abuse. 
Housing instability YES 
Housing instability comment: Per CYS, pt is homeless. Family has been living at a motel, and was asked to leave today. 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse YES 
Substance Abuse comment: Per CYS, mother and father have a long history of substance abuse. 
Legal Issues NO 




Assessment Summary:


Lewis White-Ballard is a 15 day old male with unknown gestational age, no hx of prenatal care, born at home who presents with hypothermia.


SW was consulted to complete an assessment. Prior to meeting with pts mother at bedside, SW received a call from Burlington County DCPP caseworker Mackenzie Barnes (609-649-9657). Mackenzie informed SW that the family has an active case with child protective services due to concerns for neglect, substance abuse, as well as other safety concerns. DCPP reports that the pts mother has a total of 8 children, ages 12,11,7,4,4,2, and the pt and twin sister. DCPP explains that all 6 children were previously removed from mothers care. Per DCPP, 5 of the children were reunified with mom, and 1 was adopted. Pt currently lives in a motel in New Jersey with his mother, father, and 5 siblings. Per DCPP, the family was asked to leave the motel by tomorrow, and will be homeless. Per DCPP, they went to the motel early last week for a visit, and saw the pt, and his twin sister for the first time. DCPP reports that pts mother and father told them that the twins were moms sisters, and they were just babysitting. DCPP told mom that she is currently receiving services through them, and is not able to care for her sisters children. DCPP reports that they went back to the motel on Friday 8/12, and saw that the twins were still there. DCPP explained that pts mother and father admitted that the pt and his twin were their children. Per DCPP, Mother reported that she did not receive any prenatal medical care, and delivered the pt and his twin at the motel alone. Per DCPP, they told mother and father that the pt and twin sibling needed to go to a doctor by Tuesday 8/16.  DCPP reports that the pt and sibling first saw a medical provider today 8/17. Per DCPP, the pt and twin were sent to ED due to Hypothermia. DCPP reports that due to current safety concerns, they are bringing pts 5 siblings to ED for medical evlaution. Per DCPP, pt is not to be discharged without approval of safe discharge plan. 


SW met with pts mother at beside. Pts mother was guarded when speaking with social work, and did not want to engage in social work assessment. SW was able to build rapport with mom, and was able to complete assessment. Mom confirmed that she has 8 children, 7 whom live at home with her and the pts father. Mom reports that she gave birth to the pt and twin sibling at home without medical care. Per mom, she delivered three of her other children at home, and reports having experience delivering babies at home. Mom reports that she did not take the pt or twin to receive medical care, due to them appearing "normal". Per mom she took the pt and twin to the PCP this morning for the first time due to DCPP advising her too. Mom reports a history with DCPP for unknown reasons. Mom denies a history of mental health, legal issues or substance abuse. Mom reports that her and pts father are both currently unemployed. Mom expressed being upset due to feeling "blind sided " by the ED visit. SW provided active listening and emotional support to pts mother. 




Resource Needs 
Date/Time 08/17/22  
Resource Needs Problem: HOUSING 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 08/17/22  
Adjustment Problems NONE IDENTIFIED 











Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 08/17/22  
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;FRONT LINE CLINICIAN;NURSING;CHILD PROTECTIVE SERVICES 
Time Spent (min) 150 min 
Acuity  Level 2 












Rosemarie Giannopoulos
2:44 PM
8/17/2022
