 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: Imir Vereen
CHOP MRN#: 02688363
DOB:  2/4/2007
TODAY'S DATE:  8/17/2022
TODAY'S TIME: 3:15 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  


Additional Comments: 


Epic medical record reviewed; Trauma morning report discussion.


SW received a secure chat from bedside RN whereby parents are in conflict and father requesting a visitation schedule.  


SW arrived to bedside to speak with mother and father, and request father to step away from bedside so as to meet in private space.  SW and father met in quieter space to discuss his concerns.  Father states his thoughts of 'not being heard' by care team members, and that care team 'is only listening to his mother'.  Father states 'I have it all on video'. Father requesting visitation schedule.  Father states there are no court custody documents, in response to mother's expression of having custody of child.


SW acknowledged father's expression and proceeded to discussion visitation schedule and how that may look.  Father states he is off on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays.  SW requested a second option with specific hours for visitation on father's days off (ie. 6am-6pm), however father than stated 'forget it'.  SW made several verbal attempts to re-engage father in planning for a visitation schedule, however he continued to decline at this time.


SW proceeded to review coping strategies at bedside to avoid conflict with mother in the future.   
Father inquiring about limited visitors and requesting to add paternal family support; SW reviewed CHOP Policy and informed father that SW will review timeline with last visitor modification to plan accordingly.  


SW collaboration with nursing regarding discussion with father, and met with Charge RN to discuss father's statement of videotaping.  SW and Charge RN met with father and mother to discuss ChOP Policy regarding videotaping employees and that it is not permitted unless staff member provides consent to be videotaped.  Father was awake during this discussion, although laying down on sofa bed.  Mother was awake during this discussion. 


SW met with mother away from bedside for discussion and support.  Mother aware that a visitation schedule may be implemented per request by parent or imposed by CHOP if conflict continues.  


SW discussed father's request for visitor modification to include paternal family.  SW clarified with mother, that father has the right to have his family present also.  Mother expressing that parents were both in agreement with visitors; mother states last visitor list was changed on 8/9 and next change could be done on 8/24.


SW reviewed Freds Footsteps application with mother in detail, including timeline for submission.
SW provided Patient and Family Feedback contact information for father at bedside.


SW providing emotional support to both parents throughout today via compassionate and understanding presence, attentive listening, validation of expression and mindful feedback.


Time Spent: 120 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW	
8/17/2022	3:15 PM
























