 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Alexis Walkowitz
CHOP MRN#: 56869565
DOB:  7/21/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  8/18/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  2:10 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 
Custody/consent 


Progress: 


SW spoke with pt's maternal grandmother regarding questions about consent paperwork. SW explained that SW faxed paperwork to pt's mother's location per the family's request, however SW has not received it back. SW has been unable to speak with mother's caseworker directly and left another voicemail. 


Addendum: SW connected with mother (Alexis) and John Brooks Recovery Center caseworker (Jennifer) by phone today. SW facilitated medical updates with FLC MD Hsia. Alexis was updated on Aiden's ongoing progress including potential need for cardiac cath and hopeful transfer to CCU in the near future. Alexis signed the Medical Consent Authorization for maternal great-grandmother (Paula) while SW was on the phone, and caseworker assisted with scanning and emailing it back. Alexis also signed consent to release information between John Brooks Recovery Center and CHOP. SW will upload both to media tab in the chart. John Brooks Recovery Center is assisting in connecting the family to a local program where Aiden could be discharged with Alexis in a supportive environment, and that the center is open to children with medical needs. SW will notify medical team.
SW also received a phone call from DCPP caseworker Lisa. SW shared medical updates and updates around consent paperwork. 


Maternal great-grandmother Paula Neff is now permitted to provide consent in mother's absence if needed. Father and mother are still permitted to consent as well, mother currently unable to be reached ongoing. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW will continue to be available to the family and medical team. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
8/18/2022	2:10 PM














