 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Alexis Walkowitz
CHOP MRN#: 56869565
DOB:  7/21/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  8/25/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  10:25 AM


Problems: 
Home care and Hospital discharge


Progress:


SW spoke with DCPP caseworker Lisa regarding discharge planning for Aiden. Lisa shared that pt's mother (Alexis) will be discharged from inpatient treatment next week. Initial plans discussed were Alexis moving into a program in north Jersey for mothers in recovery, however Alexis would have extremely limited support in caring for Aiden and would be far from family. DCPP and family in support of Alexis returning home with maternal great-grandmother (MGGM) in Cape May, NJ. MGGM has a seasonal job over the summer that ends 9/5 then is available full-time for support. DCPP will likely plan for Alexis to be supervised with Aiden at all times and MGGM will be able to provide that supervision. DCPP confirmed that Alexis does not need to be supervised while visiting the hospital at this time. 


SW discussed discharge teaching that is required, Alexis aware and in agreement. DCPP caseworker notified mother and caseworker in treatment center of need to register pediatrician on insurance (Advocare Rainbow Pediatrics in Cape May, NJ). Alexis and DCPP expressed interest in potential skilled nursing visits or private duty nursing to support transition home, SW reached out to case management to discuss further and explore availability. 


DCPP caseworker in process of discussing plans with MGGM and pt's father. 
DCPP caseworker will visit the hospital next week on Wednesday. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow and provide support through safe discharge planning. SW will continue to collaborate with outside agencies as needed. SW will continue to be available to the family and medical team.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
8/25/2022	10:25 AM














