 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Alexis Walkowitz
CHOP MRN#: 56869565
DOB:  7/21/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  8/31/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  4:33 PM


Problems: 
Home care, Hospital discharge and Insurance
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 


Progress: 


Meeting held with pt's mother (Alexis), pt's maternal great-grandmother (Paula), Cardiology team (Attending MD Giglia, FLC MD Nair, Fellow MD, Medical Student), Case Management (RN Chrissy Willis, colleague), SW. Aiden's underlying diagnosis, current status, and next steps were discussed with the family. New finding of pulmonary hypertension was also discussed. Alexis asked many good questions throughout including about feeding, sedation wean, and home care needs. Family expressed appreciation for all the care pt has received.
Alexis shared that she will be unable to visit Thursday-Friday and requested to be called with updates. 


Insurance: Alexis provided NJMA ID#72454177. SW emailed to priorauth to confirm and will provide to admissions. Alexis to contact insurance to register Aiden with pediatrician (Advocare Rainbow Pediatrics in Cape May, NJ) as soon as possible, SW will follow up. 


Outpatient follow-up and transportation: CHOP Mays Landing is closest to the family. Family willing and able to go to Voorhees or Main Hospital as well. Maternal great-grandmother drives and mother is familiar with how to utilize NJ Logisitcare/Modivcare services. 


Home supports and community resources: Case management assisting with obtaining Skilled Nursing Visits potentially through Bayada.
SW discussed with DCPP caseworker that Alexis expressed interest to this SW in parenting classes. SW inquired about resources within the county, will follow up and look into resources as well. 


Benefits (WIC, SSI): Alexis receives WIC, case manager aware for WIC paperwork. SW provided additional information and website for SSI benefits. 


DCPP: SW met with DCPP Caseworker Lisa today, who visited pt at bedside. DCPP Caseworker also spoke with bedside RN for general updates. SW shared that Alexis and Paula have been visiting together daily this week. DCPP Caseworker confirmed plan for discharge home with Alexis and Paula after successful completion of discharge teaching, and Alexis will be required to be supervised with Aiden at home.
SW also discussed father's involvement with DCPP. Per nursing, father (Derek) has called in for updates. Per DCPP, father lives ~2 hours from where Alexis resides. Per both DCPP and father (discussed earlier in hospitalization), father is facing legal issues which would impact ability to be primarily involved at this time. SW to call father to check in as discharge approaches. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow and provide support through safe discharge planning. SW will continue to collaborate with outside agencies as needed. SW will continue to be available to the family and medical team.


Time Spent: 120 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
8/31/2022	4:33 PM














