 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Jamal Lavell Stewart Jr.
CHOP MRN#: 55644039
DOB:  7/25/2013
TODAY'S DATE:  9/7/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  11:53 AM


Problems: 
Suspected abuse/neglect 


Progress: 


SW was notified by bedside RN that NJ Division of Child Protection and Permanency (DCPP) called. SW spoke with DCPP Nurse Rochelle Rom (856-745-9059) and Investigator Jason LaGamba by phone. Per Rochelle, a hotline call was placed yesterday 9/6 and DCPP must initiate contact within 24 hours. DCPP plans to visit this afternoon around 3p to notify the family of the call and investigation.


DCPP Investigator Jason LaGamba and DCPP Nurse Rochelle Rom arrived to CICU. SW and FLC MD Annie Gula met with DCPP representatives together to provide background medical information around underlying diagnoses and current admission. DCPP received report that patient was admitted due to sepsis from pressure wound; medical team confirmed this was not reason for admission. Per medical team, reason for admission was gastroenteritis and dehydration. MD Gula reviewed that GI illness and dehydration impacted Jamal so severely due to his underlying conditions. 


SW, mother (Carla), and DCPP representatives met together in CICU large conference room. Carla openly shared events leading to admission and also discussed treatment of Jamal's pressure wound. Per Carla, during an unexpected hospitalization for herself, Jamal was in the care of paternal grandmother then father. Per Carla, father does not typically care for Jamal and did not remove his foot/ankle braces at that time (~8 days). Carla stated that she was directed by Bayada nurse manager to follow up with pediatrician, who directed the family to follow up at local ER. Per chart review, Jamal was taken to a local ER on 7/15. Carla able to recall treatment recommendations. DCPP to complete home assessment with the family and will also visit pt's 14yo sister, who is currently with 26yo older sister. Per DCPP, this investigation will not impede Jamal's discharge home with mother. SW to provide DCPP latest progress note from chart. Carla signed ROI for DCPP during the meeting. DCPP has 60 days to complete the investigation.


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW will collaborate with DCPP as needed. SW will continue to be available to the family and medical team. 


Time Spent: 90 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
9/7/2022	11:53 AM
