					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Hunter Davis
CHOP MRN#: 56878321
DOB:  7/20/2022


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 09/08/22  
Admission/Appointment Date 08/29/22 
Referral Date 08/30/22 
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Resource Needs;Adjustment Needs;Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: ICU 
Primary Service: Neonatal 
Consulting Service: Cardiology;Genetics;Endocrine;Infectious Diseases;Dermatology 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 09/08/22  
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);CHILDREN IN THE HOME 
Parent Information: Hunter is the fourth child born to his intact parents, Clint and Erica, who live together in Aloha, Oregon. Hunter has three older siblings, ages 3, 5 and 6 years old. Mother is a stay at home parent. Father is currently on unpaid leave from his job as a local truck driver. 
Children in the home Information: 4: Patient and his 3, 5 and 6 year old brothers. 
School Status OTHER 
Other School Status Comment: N/A: patient is an infant. 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 09/08/22  
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Parents: Clint and Erica Hunter. 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 09/08/22  
Mental Health YES 
Mental Health Comment: Father is interested in NICU psychology support for coping. Dr. Casey Hoffman is planning to meet with father on 9/9/22. Social worker offered to explore therapist referrals near the family's home. 
Home Environment: NOT ASSESSED 
Home Environment not assessed comment: Social worker will assess. 
CPS Involvement NO 
Housing instability NO 
Food insecurity YES 
Food insecurity comment: Family moved about 3 weesk ago to a new residence. The family is approved for SNAP benefits. Parents are in the process of having their SNAP benefits changed to their new address. At this time, the familis is currently not receiving SNAP benefits. 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues NOT ASSESSED 
Legal Issues not assessed Social worker will assess. 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PARENT 
Parent Strengths Father has an understanding of the medical plan, is able to articulate his needs, is receptive to social work support. 
Parent Stressors Critical illness, prolonged NICU hospitalization, transfer to CHOP, siblings and mother are currently home in Oregon, financial resource strain due to father being on unpaid leave from work. 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: PUBLIC ASSISTANCE/SSI 
Public assistance/SSI comment: Family is eligible for SNAP benefits. Family is working have have SNAP benefits transferred to their new address. Hunter has Care Oregon insurance (Oregon Medicaid) and parents have a flex fund through Oregon Medicaid. 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 09/08/22  
Resource Needs Problem: HOUSEHOLD FINANCES;ACCESS TO FOOD 
Goal - Household Finances Family will have financial assistance to support themselves during Hunter's prolonged NICU stay. 
Intervention/Plan - Household Finances Provided information about SSI and the SSI application process. Father plans to apply. Will email father SSI application instructions. Provided information about the Colette Louise Tisdahl Foundation and the Opens Doors Foundation for financial assistance. Father in agreement with referrals. Will email father application links to complete parent portion. 
Goal - Access to food Family will have their SNAP benefits resume. 
Intervention/Plan - Access to food Family is approved for SNAP benefits. Parents are working to have their benefits transferred to their new home address (family moved three weeks ago). 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 09/08/22  
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION;ADJUSTMENT TO DIAGNOSIS 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Family will be oriented to the CHOP NICU. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization Provided information about the role of NICU social worker, NICU team structure, NICU psychology support. 
Goal - Adjustment to Diagnosis Family will have the support to understand and cope with Hunter's diagnosis. 
Intervention/Plan -Adjustment to Diagnosis Social worker will continue to assess parents' understanding of Hunter's diagnosis and will continue to offer supportive counseling. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 09/08/22  
Relationships/Behavior Problems NONE IDENTIFIED 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 09/08/22  
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;FRONT LINE CLINICIAN;SOCIAL WORK;PSYCHOLOGY 
Time Spent (min) 90 min 
Acuity  Level 3 


Social worker spoke with father by phone to introduce the role of NICU social worker. Father shared his emotions and feelings around Hunter's unexpected illness and subsequent ICU-level hospitalization. He shared his emotions about the challenges of being away from Hunter's older siblings while he is here in Philadelphia with Hunter. Father shared the ways in which parents have been coping differently with Hunter's illness and hospitalization. Social worker provided information about NICU psychology support. Father is interested in a referral. Casey Hoffman, PhD to meet with father on 9/9/22. Social worker offered to explore therapist referrals for mother in the family's area in Oregon for additional support. Father shared that the family has a history of Oregon DHS involvement several years ago wherein Hunter's older siblings were removed from parents' care for about one year. Father reports that the family was reunified about a year and a half ago. Father is currently staying at Ronald McDonald House on Chestnut Street. Mother is caring for Hunter's three older siblings at home in Oregon. Father identified no other immediate social work needs at this time. 


Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 


Alexandra M Pomar
4:47 PM
9/8/2022
