 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Alexis Walkowitz
CHOP MRN#: 56869565
DOB:  7/21/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  9/12/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  12:47 PM


Problems: 
Home care and Hospital discharge


Progress: 


SW met with pt's mother (Alexis) and maternal great-grandmother (Paula) prior to anticipated discharge today. Family is completing teaching and received home supplies. SW observed Alexis feeding the patient in appropriate positioning and helping teach Paula how to utilize PH test strips for NG tube and feeding pump. SW was notified that Alexis successfully completed 24 hour stay. 


SW also spoke with DCPP caseworker Lisa Storar today (609-802-6725) who is aware of discharge. DCPP Supervisor is Lisa Booth (609-802-3066). Caseworker Lisa Storar emailed a copy of the safety protection plan that will be put into place that requires Alexis to be supervised with the patient at all times. Paula is currently able to supervise Alexis and DCPP is in the process of clearing another individual to supervise as well. SW to upload copy of safety protection plan to media tab, not yet signed by the family however family is aware and in agreement with current plan. Patient must be discharged to both Alexis and Paula together, medical team and nursing aware, family in agreement. DCPP plans to meet the family at home after discharge today. 


Alexis and Paula reported that they have not yet received the birth certificate and social security card, SW provided contact information for the family to follow up. 


Case management assisted with obtaining one skilled nursing visit through insurance and are requesting additional visits if possible. CM able to obtain an additional visit.


SW reviewed resources for support including Postpartum Support International, National Maternal Mental Health Hotline, and cardiac groups. SW welcomed the family to reach out to SW as needed. SW also provided donated packs of diapers and baby clothing. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow and provide support through safe discharge planning. SW will continue to collaborate with outside agencies as needed. SW will continue to be available to the family and medical team.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
9/12/2022	12:47 PM














