SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 9/12/2022 1643)
Adjustment - Intervention - diagnosis:
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Provide active listening to support patient/family/caregiver in voicing understanding of and disagreement with diagnosis/prognosis as well as questions and concerns
 Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to address patient/family/caregiver questions and concerns through bedside rounding, team-family meetings, etc.)
 Identify need for Patient-Family Education with multidisciplinary team members
 Encourage and assist in the development of effective coping strategies by patient/family/caregiver




Progress:  LSW and FLC Marissa Lynn called and spoke with the patient's mother on the phone with the assistance of Interpretalk (Interpreter Liz, ID #701134). The FLC provided the patient's mother with a medical update. The patient's mother was made aware that Gisselle will need to have another surgery early next week. The patient's mother responded appropriately when given the update. It was suggested that a family meeting be held this week to further discuss Gisselle's care plan. The patient's mother noted that she had specific questions about the risks of the surgery and what to expect moving forward for Gisselle's care. 


LSW spoke with the patient's mother individually to provide emotional support and supportive counseling following the medical update. The patient's mother continues to cope appropriately given the circumstances and noted stressors related to Gisselle's hospitalization. The patient's mother verbalized that it would be helpful for her and the patient's father to meet with the medical team to discuss Gisselle's care plan. The patient's mother will follow up with LSW to confirm the family meeting date and time. 




Plan: LSW will continue to follow and assess needs.




Time Spent: 30 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
9/12/2022	4:44 PM
