SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 9/13/2022 1318)
Adjustment - Intervention - diagnosis:
 Provide active listening to support patient/family/caregiver in voicing understanding of and disagreement with diagnosis/prognosis as well as questions and concerns
 Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to address patient/family/caregiver questions and concerns through bedside rounding, team-family meetings, etc.)
 Identify need for Patient-Family Education with multidisciplinary team members
 Refer to Child Life, Creative Arts and Music Therapies, Spiritual Care and BHIP when appropriate







Progress:  LSW spoke with the patient's mother on the phone with the assistance of Interpretalk (Interpreter Luis, ID # 701610) to provide emotional support following Gisselle's escalation in care needs overnight. The patient's mother was appropriately tearful when reflecting on Gisselle's escalation in care needs over night and emphasized that she does not want her daughter to be in pain. LSW provided emotional support and supportive counseling when talking with the patient's mother about her desires for Gisselle's care plan. LSW confirmed that the patient's parents are available for a family meeting tomorrow in the afternoon. LSW will follow up with the patient's parents to confirm the meeting time. It would be best for the patient's parents to meet at 4 pm due to the father's job.


LSW called and spoke with the patient's mother on the phone with Interpretalk (Interpreter Vincent, ID 702794) to confirm the family meeting for 4 pm tomorrow. The patient's parens are Catholic and have asked that the patient be baptized on Sunday. LSW reached out to Spiritual Care to follow up on the parents request.  


LSW put in a request for an in person interpreter for the family meeting tomorrow. 


Plan: LSW will continue to follow and assess needs.




Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
9/13/2022	1:18 PM
