SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate insurance coverage to obtain necessary medical care
Outcome: Complete/Adequate for Discharge





Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 9/15/2022 1614)
Adjustment - Intervention - diagnosis:
• Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
• Provide active listening to support patient/family/caregiver in voicing understanding of and disagreement with diagnosis/prognosis as well as questions and concerns
• Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to address patient/family/caregiver questions and concerns through bedside rounding, team-family meetings, etc.)
• Encourage and assist in the development of effective coping strategies by patient/family/caregiver





Progress:  A family meeting was held on 9/14/22 with NICU attending MD Stoller, PA-C Boyle, Gisselle's nurse, PACT attending MD Parikh, fellow MD Maitra, LSW Dombrowski, NICU LSW, both parents and Spanish interpreter Maria. 


Gisselle's parents verbalized their concern that Gisselle is suffering as a result her prematurity and other medical complications. The patient's mother noted that Gisselle's swelling, recent decmpensation and need for multiple surgeries may be too much for the patient to handle.  The parents asked questions related to the quality of life Gisselle will have if she survives. The NICU attending emphasized that there is uncertainty about the level of support Gisselle will need in the future but shared that there is a risk of neurodevelopment impairments, the need for long term respiratory support and noted that Gisselle will likely have a long hospitalization. 


The patient's mother shared that while she is worried Gisselle is suffering, she cannot make the decision to withdraw care. The parents asked that the medical team continue to be honest about Gisselle's condition and to share with them if they feel it would be more harmful to continue medical treatment. The NICU and PACT attending both explained a DNR to the parents and asked the parents if they would like to put one in place. The patient's parents shared that they do not want to force Gisselle's body to go though things that she is unable to handle. The parents agreed that a DNR would be best for Gisselle at this time. The parents are comfortable continuing the conversation about the recommended surgery and will be thoughtful in deciding what interventions are appropriate for Gisselle.


Throught the meeting, the parents emphasized that they wanted to do what is best for Gisselle and do not want to prolong her suffering. The parents were appropriately tearful throught the meeting and demonstrated understanding.


Following the family meeting, LSW sat with the patient's parents to provided emotional support and supportive counseling to process the information shared in the meeting.


Plan: LSW will continue to follow and assess needs. 




Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
9/15/2022	4:14 PM
