					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Ezra Tolbert
CHOP MRN#: 56853076
DOB:  6/9/2022


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 09/19/22  
Admission/Appointment Date 09/15/22 
Referral Date 09/16/22 
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Resource Needs;Adjustment Needs;Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: ICU 
Primary Service: Neonatal 
Consulting Service: Ophthalmology;Endocrine 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 09/19/22  
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);CHILDREN IN THE HOME 
Parent Information: Ezra is the fourth child born to his intact parents, Stacy and Derick, who live together in Pleasantville, NJ with Ezra's 5 year old, 11 year ols and 19 year old siblings. Parents have both returned to work. 
Children in the home Information: 4: Patient and 5 year old, 11 year old and 19 year old siblings. 
School Status OTHER 
Other School Status Comment: N/A: patient is an infant. 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 09/19/22  
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Parents: Stacy and Derick Tolbert. 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 09/19/22  
Mental Health NO 
Home Environment: NOT ASSESSED 
Home Environment not assessed comment: Social worker will assess. 
CPS Involvement NO 
Housing instability NO 
Food insecurity YES 
Food insecurity comment: Family is in the process of applying for WIC benefits. Mother shared that family is not income-eligible for SNAP benefits. 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues NO 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PARENT 
Parent Strengths Mother has a good understanding of the medical plan, is able to articulate her needs, is familiar with and is advocating for the resources the family needs. 
Parent Stressors Emergenct readmission to the NICU for laser eye surgery, Ezra was previously hospitalized in the Atlanticare NICU for the first three months of life. 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: OTHER 
Other existing community services/outside support comment: Mother applied for SSI benefits for Ezra during his initial NICU admission. She reports that parents have not yet received an SSI determination. Social worker encouraged mother to follow up with her local Social Security Office to request an update on the status. Mother applied for WIC benefits. Discussed the supporting documentation parents will need to provide. Mother plans to do so. Social worker will leave a letter of support for mother's WIC application at bedside. Parents have added Ezra to their employer-sponsored Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of NJ insurance plan. 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 09/19/22  
Resource Needs Problem: ACCESS TO FOOD;OTHER (SEE COMMENT) 
Goal - Access to food Family will have WIC benefits. 
Intervention/Plan - Access to food Social worker will provide a letter of support for mother's in-process WIC application. 
Goal - Other resource needs Family will have funding to purchase an additional car seat for their second vehicle. 
Intervention/Plan - Other resource needs Parents have a car seat for Ezra. Mother inquired about receiving an additional car seat for the family's second vehicle. Social worker informed mother that the hospital is not able to provide a second car seat for families who already have a car seat. Discussed applying for financial assistance to offset the costs associated with Ezra's lengthy initial NICU stay so that parents can spend on a second car seat or other baby care necessities. Mother in agreement with referral to the Colette Louise Tisdahl Foundation. Social worker will submit referral for financial assistance to the Colette Louise Tisdahl Foundation. 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 09/19/22  
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION;ADJUSTMENT TO DIAGNOSIS 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Family will be oriented to the CHOP NICU. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization Provided information about the role of NICU social worker, NICU team structure. 
Goal - Adjustment to Diagnosis Family will have support to understand and cope with Ezra's diagnosis of retinopathy of prematurity. 
Intervention/Plan -Adjustment to Diagnosis Social worker will continue to offer supportive counseling. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 09/19/22  
Relationships/Behavior Problems NONE IDENTIFIED 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 09/19/22  
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;CASE MANAGER;NURSING;SOCIAL WORK 
Time Spent (min) 60 min 
Acuity  Level 3 


Social worker spoke with mother by phone. WIC letter of support left at bedside. Application submitted to the Colette Louise Tisdahl Foundation for financial assistance. 


Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 


Alexandra M Pomar
2:26 PM
9/19/2022
