SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing
Goal: Patient will have adequate insurance coverage to obtain necessary medical care
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  Social worker met with mother at bedside in the NICU. Mother shared that, overall, parents are coping well considering Jack's unanticipated illness and subsequent hospitalization, and have been able to manage a routine taking turns visiting Jack in the hospital. Father was able to apply for NJ Family Leave insurance for paid leave from his job, while mother remains on maternity leave. Social worker provided information about secondary PA Medical Assistance through the PH95 Special Needs Category. Mother shared that parents will consider applying and will follow up with social worker if they decide to apply. Social worker emailed mother additional information about secondary PA Medical Assistance as well as the application instructions. Will provide parents with a letter of medical necessity and a PA MA 586 form if they decide to apply. Social worker provided mother with a Harp's Hope referral card to apply for a gift card to use for gas or food delivery given parents' frequent travel to the hospital and prolonged time away from home. Also provided information about the Colette Louise Tisdahl Foundation to apply for financial assistance with household bills and emailed mother a link to the parent application. Social worker will complete Colette Louise Tisdahl Foundation social worker verification form if parents decide to apply. Mother identified no immediate social work needs at this time. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 30 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
9/21/2022	12:29 PM
