					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Omega Omega One Hundred And Fifty-One
CHOP MRN#: 56894609
DOB:  1/1/1901


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 09/21/22  
Admission/Appointment Date 09/20/22 
Referral Date 09/21/22 
Referral Source Consultation Requested By: 
Consultation Requested by:  Other: 
Other Team: trauma regulations 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: ICU 
Primary Service: Trauma 
Consulting Service: Ophthalmology;Otolaryngology;Plastic Surgery 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 09/21/22  
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);OTHER;RELATIVE(S) 
Parent Information: Mother:  Jayla Blume 
Relative Information: maternal uncle occasionally resides in the home 
Other Information: Honesty spends time with father, Jamil Johnson.  Father lives in home with paternal grandparents, paternal uncle (12 or 13 yo), paternal aunt (26yo) 
School Status OTHER 
Other School Status Comment: attends daycare Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 09/21/22  
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? mother and father 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place?  




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 09/21/22  
Mental Health NO 
Mental Health Not Assessed Comment:  
Home Environment: NO 
Home Environment not assessed comment:  
CPS Involvement NO 
CPS involvment not assessed comment:  
Housing instability NO 
Housing instability not assessed  
Food insecurity NO 
Food Insecurity not assessed  
Substance Abuse NO 
Substance abuse not assessed  
Legal Issues YES 
Legal Issues comment: Per mother, father has history of legal involvement;  current police investigation due to nature of events leading to child's admission. 
Legal Issues not assessed  
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PATIENT;PARENT 
Patient Strengths supportive parent presence; extended family supports 
Parent Strengths easily engaged; extended family supports; able to articulate needs and concerns 
Parent Stressors events leading to child's critical care admission and injuries; critical care admission; traumatic injuries 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: PUBLIC ASSISTANCE/SSI 
Public assistance/SSI comment: medicaid insurance 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 09/21/22  
Resource Needs Problem: NONE IDENTIFIED 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 09/21/22  
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION;EXPOSURE TO TRAUMA 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Family will demonstrate effective adjustment and coping with hospitalization 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization SW will continue to follow for ongoing emotional support, coping and needs' assessment during hospitalization. 
Intervention/Plan - Exposure to Trauma SW will continue to follow for ongoing emotional support, coping and needs' assessment during hospitalization.  SW reviewed and provided mother with Trauma Patient/Family Handbook, pen and notepad. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 09/21/22  
Relationships/Behavior Problems NONE IDENTIFIED;SUSPECTED ABUSE/NEGLECT 
ntervention/Plan - Suspected abuse/neglect There are no SW concerns for child abuse and neglect identified at this time; will continue to follow. 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 09/21/22  
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;FRONT LINE CLINICIAN;SOCIAL WORK;NURSING 
Other comment:  
Time Spent (min) 90 min 
Acuity  Level 3 


Epic medical record reviewed; Trauma morning report discussion with ongoing collaboration with Trauma NP.


SW met with mother near Periop while child was en route to OR, for initial introduction and brief support.


SW met with mother at bedside for re-introduction, emotional support and assessment; Trauma NP present for medical assessment.


Mother states that yesterday 'sometime before noon', father was carrying 1 yo brother while patient was walking, into his friend's house 'to wash up'.  Mother was not present.  Mother states friend has two pitbulls in the basement.  Mother states father left patient on first floor and he went upstairs.  Mother states pitbull must have gotten upstairs because father told mother he heard Honesty crying, friend yelling for father to come down, and barking.  Father informed mother he saw Honesty 'laying there' and the second dog came up and jumped on her again.  
Mother presents appropriately distressed during retelling of events that led to child's injuries and critical care admission.
Mother is unsure about the two dogs' vaccination status.  Mother states the detectives took father and his friend's cell phones, however father calls hourly and mother will request vaccination status and date of vaccination if known.


Honesty lives at home with mother, and occasionally her 26 yo maternal uncle.  Honesty spends time with father who resides at home with paternal grandparents, minor aged paternal uncle and adult aged paternal aunt.  Honesty has a 1 yo brother whom resides with his mother, and nine month old sister whom resides with her mother.


SW providing emotional support throughout discussion via compassionate presence, attentive listening, validation of expression and mindful feedback.  SW encouraging mother to practice self care during hospitalization.  SW reviewed and provided mother with Trauma Patient/Family handbook, pen and notepad.  


Mother expressing that she does not think father will be coming to CHOP.  SW explained that parents both have the right to be at bedside as they prefer throughout hospitalization, and both parents are part of the four total adult aged visitors.  At this time, mother has three additional visitors listed.  SW added father to the list, as appropriate and will follow up with mother regarding Limited Visitation Policy and clarification needs.


SW attempt to see mother at bedside for further discussion regarding visitors and she is unavailable.  SW met with two grandfathers and grandmother for introduction and explanation of SW role during hospitalization.


SW collaboration with Nursing Leadership and bedside RN for case discussion regarding visitors.   SW and Nursing Leadership met with mother, MGM, Mstepgrandfather and grandfather to discuss Limited Visitation Policy and expectation for family to identify the total four visitors including mother plus three (father will remain on visitation list). Family is requesting an exception so that all five grandparents may be permitted visitation for support to patient and mother.  Nursing Leadership informed family she will discuss further with additional PICU Leadership team and inform family of outcome.  




Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW
1:56 PM
9/21/2022
