SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Flowsheets (Taken 9/23/2022 0933)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
 Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 9/23/2022 0933)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Household finances:
 Assess patient/family/caregiver financial resources (income, benefits, resources, etc.)
 Assist with emergency resources when eligible and appropriate





Progress:  On 9/22/22 LSW spoke with the patient's mother on the phone to provide emotional support and assess coping. The patient's great grandmother is in the hospital which has caused additional stress for the patient's mother. LSW provided emotional support and supportive counseling while speaking with the patient's mother to address stressors and coping. Roman's mother asked to speak with the attending at 2 pm to get an update on the patient's care plan. 


A family meeting was held over the phone with NICU attending Dalal Taha, LSW and Roman's mother. It was explained that due to Roman's subglottic stenosis he has failed extubation twice. As a result, the patient will remain intubated until mid October so that he can continue to grow. If the patient fails extubation at that point, he will require a tracheostomy. The patient's mother asked if Roman would require the trach for the rest of his life. The attending explained that he will likely only require it for few years. The patient's mother demonstrated an understanding and ask thoughtful and appropriate questions. 




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Gift Cards: 1.


Plan: LSW will continue to follow and assess needs.




Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
9/23/2022	9:33 AM
