 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Zoey Gilbert
CHOP MRN#: 56895109
DOB:  9/11/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  9/26/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  1:16 PM


Problems: 
Conflict within family 


Progress: Improved


Plan: 


SW met with Mom at the bedside to check in and provide on going support to the family. Mom shared that the patient continues to require oxygen support, thus will likely stay inpatient until surgery. Mom shared that she understands why the patient will need to stay inpatient, and shared that additional outside stressors impact her ability to maintain focus on the patient. Mom shared that she continues to have a very contentious relationship with the patients father, as the parents have an older daughter, who is 1, and Dad has partial custody of on the weekends. However per Mom's report Dad often does not follow this agreement, and will either keep the sibling longer than approved, or drop her off way before the agreed upon time. Mom shared that she continues to communicate with the family's DHS case worker of her on going concerns. 


While SW was in the room, the land line phone in the room rang upwards of 10 times in a very short time frame. Mom would answer the phone, and report to SW that no one was there, however she could hear someone breathing on the other end. SW inquired if Mom believed this was Dad. Mom did not confirm she believes this is Dad, but shared that she blocked all communication with Dad, but called Dad from the phone in the room the day prior, so he has access to the phone number. Mom shared that the phone rang very frequently all night, and she was unable to sleep. SW stated that if this continues the phone will be removed from the room due to misuse. Mom verbalized understanding. 




SW attempted to call the DHS case worker, Gabby- 215-301-2230, however SW was unable to speak with her and left a voicemail. 


SW also provided Mom with 3 additional meal vouchers. 
SW will continue to follow. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 4 - Require significant advocacy to meet basic needs 


Electronically signed:
Damaris Mason	
9/26/2022	1:16 PM














