 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Alayna Edwards
CHOP MRN#: 56896420
DOB:  6/5/2021
TODAY'S DATE:  9/27/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  12:58 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 


Progress: 


SW met with pt's mother and father at bedside to introduce CICU SW and assess initial coping and needs. SW provided a copy of the cardiac family resource guide and reviewed available resources and support. Parents are Miguel Edwards and Jasmin Guardamino. Family lives in Keasbey, NJ about 2 hours from CHOP. Family provided a copy of NJMA Horizon NJ Health insurance card, SW forwarded to case management and admissions.


SW was notified that family is experiencing financial stressors. Miguel reports recently losing his job. Jasmin is employed as a server for Applebee's and is verifying if she is eligible for FMLA. Jasmine shared that her employer has a program that offers some financial support to families experiencing an unexpected crisis, which the family may be eligible for. SW will discuss additional community resources and foundations with the family as appropriate. SW provided 6 meal vouchers to assist with costs related to unexpected hospitalization.


Miguel shared that his mother (pt's paternal grandmother) is an RN, currently in L&D and previously in an ED, and is helping the family navigate medical information. Both paternal grandparents are currently on visitor list. SW and Nursing Leadership approved 4 total visitors for today 9/27 and will return to standard visitor policy tomorrow 9/28.


SW provided a notebook and activity books for parents at bedside. Parents expressed interest in books to read to the pt, SW reached out to Child Life. Parents denied spiritual care/chaplaincy at this time. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow and provide support. SW will continue to be available to the family and medical team. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
9/27/2022	12:58 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Alayna Edwards
Patient MRN: 56896420
Patient DOB: 6/5/2021


Today's Date: 9/27/2022
Admission Date: 9/24/2022




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 6.
Reason for Disbursement: Critical medical status-not feasible to leave hospital at present




Additional comments:  Parents report limited resources. SW encouraged family to bring food from RMH as well.


Electronically signed: Melissa Greberman 9/27/2022	12:59 PM 


















