Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Baby Girl A Marie Marseille-Rosalva 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2022 
MRN:  56877941


Progress: SW received sign out from SW Monroe.


SW called Dad with a Haitian Creole Interpreter (ID# 257386) to discuss the plans for this weekend. SW thoroughly provided information about the transportation plan. Dad confirmed he received the train tickets from DCPP. SW provided Dad with SW phone number to call when their train arrives and SW will activate the Lyft ride to CHOP. SW discussed this process, and Dad denied any questions or concerns. SW discussed the Center for Families to order the Lyft ride to the train station for discharge, as well. 


Dad confirmed that both him and Mom are coming this weekend, as a cousin agreed to watch their other children. Dad confirmed they will bring the car seat when they come this weekend. 


Dad denied any additional questions and concerns. Dad expressed he is happy to finally be able to bring Esther home. 


SW then called DCPP (Eirini Otaegui, 609-626-3288) to confirm these details. DCPP shared with SW that Dad told her yesterday that the family will be moving to Boston on 10/4. Dad would not provide any additional details to DCPP.


SW called Dad back with an interpreter to inquire about these plans to move. Dad expressed that he needs to move to Boston because he can no longer stay in NJ due to NJ not providing any social service support and help to the family. Dad expressed that they cannot afford to pay their rent. Dad shared that they have friends who had helped them pay rent previously, but they can no longer help. 


SW asked for more details about their plans to move to Boston. Dad expressed that he does not have an address or concrete plan. Dad reports he has a friend in the area that the family will be staying with. 


SW discussed SW's concerns with this plan in relation to Esther's medical follow up, insurance, and care. SW briefly discussed these concerns and the elements of moving to another state that effect Esther's care and our discharge plans. Dad expressed understanding, but shared that he needs to do what is best for his family and cannot be sleeping outside on the street with Esther. 


SW relayed that is likely that resources in Boston look similar to NJ, and that the family is not likely to have all of these issues solved by this move. 


SW discussed that SW will need to talk with the medical team and follow up with Dad regarding the family's plans to move.


SW called DCPP to discuss and LVM.


Addendum 4:50pm: SW called DCPP caseworker Eirini (desk: 609-626-3288; work cell: 609-915-7955). SW LVM at both phone numbers.


Plan: SW will discuss this with the medical team and DCPP, as a move to Boston on 10/4 will impact our discharge plans for Esther. Moving to Boston will impact Esther's access to insurance (it will take up to 30 days to switch from NJ to MA Medicaid), her access to Lovenox, and her follow ups (Hematology, PCP, and ID). We will also need to ensure the family is connected to WIC in Boston to gain access to her formula. Of note, switching Medicaid to another state can take up to 30 days. 


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


9/29/2022            10:54 AM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have coordination between medical team and current CPS providers to support care needs
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 9/29/2022 1054)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Coordinate between medical team & CPS providers: Engage current CPS providers in care planning and establishing safe plans for transition home



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have ongoing access to food to support health and wellbeing
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 9/29/2022 1054)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Ongoing access to food: Assess patient/family/caregiver for eligibility for hospital resources when need for food is emergent and patient is inpatient
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 9/29/2022 1054)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Adequate transportation: Provide emergency transportation assistance if necessary and appropriate



