Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Baby Girl A Marie Marseille-Rosalva 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2022 
MRN:  56877941


Progress: SW called DCPP caseworker Eirini Otaegui (desk: 609-626-3288; work cell: 609-915-7955) at both contact numbers. SW LVM on desk phone. SW unable to LVM on work cell due to VM box being full. 


Addendum 3pm: SW collaborated with CFF to assist the family with getting to CHOP. The family successfully arrived at CHOP this afternoon. Dad called SW when they arrived. SW assisted the family with signing in and walked them to the unit. SW briefly chatted with the family with an interpreter. Dad shared that he would like to talk with SW and the team more about their plans to move to Boston. SW agreed to meet with the family, along with the doctor to discuss this as a group.


Addendum 4:45pm: SW and MD Martin spoke with both parents at the bedside to discuss their plans to move to Boston. Dad expressed that they will be getting there by bus. Dad shared that they do not have an address or place to go at this time and plan to find one when they get there. Dad reports that "there is a hospital social worker in Boston who helps Haitians find housing". Dad shared that he does not know what hospital this social worker is at. SW and MD discussed our concerns with this plan, and that we cannot safely discharged Esther until we have follow up care established and where and how the parents will get her Lovenox is established. SW discussed how crossing state lines complicates these things. MD Martin emphasized the importance of follow up based on Esther's medical condition.


SW and MD Martin discussed the family staying in NJ until these things are sorted through. Dad expressed that they cannot do this. Dad denied any other supports or places to stay in NJ. Dad shared that they were given notice by their landlord that they have to be out of the house by October 4th. 


Dad shared that he will stay here at CHOP with Esther, and Mom will go to Boston and locate where they will be staying, so we can set things up. SW encouraged that Mom go to Boston as soon as possible, so we can start this process as soon as possible. 


Due to the parent's plans to move to Massachusetts and no established follow up care plan in MA, Esther will not be discharged on Sunday, 10/2. Parents are aware and understanding.


SW called DCPP two more times this afternoon and LVM. 


Plan: Esther will no longer be discharged on 10/2 due to the family's intentions to move to Boston with no established place to go and no follow up care established. Medical team will call Boston Children's on Monday to set up follow up care appointments. SW will attempt to connect with a SW there, as well. Mom will go to Boston prior to discharge to try and get things set up in Boston for the family. Please see separate 9/30 SW documentation for approval of resources for today and this weekend. 


Time Spent: 210 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


9/30/2022            9:32 AM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have coordination between medical team and current CPS providers to support care needs
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have ongoing access to food to support health and wellbeing
Outcome: Ongoing
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing



