SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 10/6/2022 1215)
Adjustment - Intervention - diagnosis:
• Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
• Provide active listening to support patient/family/caregiver in voicing understanding of and disagreement with diagnosis/prognosis as well as questions and concerns
• Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to address patient/family/caregiver questions and concerns through bedside rounding, team-family meetings, etc.)
• Identify need for Patient-Family Education with multidisciplinary team members
• Encourage and assist in the development of effective coping strategies by patient/family/caregiver





Progress:  A family meeting was held with NICU team, Dr. Dalal Taha-DO, FLC Jacqueline Chandler-PA-C, PACT team, Dr.Shalini- MD, LSW Dana Dombrowski, patient's parents, NICU LSW and Spanish Interpreter Maria. 


Dr. Taha explained to Gisselle's parents that Gisselle has made improvements in the past few weeks and has shown that her bowel function is returning. The patient's mother shared that she worries Gisselle will not make it given all that she has been through. Dr. Taha shared that the medical team is not worried that Gisselle will die at this time but noted that she will have challenges. Mom shared that it has been hard for the parents to feel like Gisselle is getting better and worry that all she has been through may not be worth it if Gisselle has major challenges that affect her quality of life. 


Dr. Taha informed the parents that Gisselle does not have bleeding in the brain and that further imaging will be done to provide additional information to help predict functioning. The parents were made aware that Gisselle has chronic lung disease since she was born premature. Dr. Taha explained that Gisselle's lungs can get better over time but that it a long process.The parents were made aware that feeds were started on 10/5/22 and that it will take several weeks to see how well she tolerated feeds. Dr. Taha informed the parents that she is reasonably confident that Gisselle will be able to tolerate feeds given the amount of intestines the patient has.


Over the next one to two months the medical team will be able to provide parents with a better idea of how much respiratory support Gisselle will need. It was explained to parents that the focus will be on feeding Gisselle first and then weaning her respiratory support.If Gisselle requires respiratory support to go home, it could be through a cannula or tracheostomy. An explantation of a tracheostomy was provided to the patient's parents. Dr. Taha informed parents that if the time comes and they do not feel a tracheostomy is in line with their wishes for Gisselle, support can be limited and the focus can be on making her comfortable.


The patient's mother shared that she wanted to give Gisselle a chance when she was first born but she did not anticipate how long of a hospitalization it would be and the medical complications Gisselle would face. It has been difficult for the parents to be away from their son who is at home in Mexico and emphasized the emotional toll it has taken on their family. LSW provided emotional support to the patient's parents throughout the meeting. 


Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 4.




Plan: LSW will continue to follow and assess family needs.




Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
10/6/2022	12:15 PM
