SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 10/7/2022 1142)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Household finances:
 Assess patient/family/caregiver financial resources (income, benefits, resources, etc.)
 Refer patient/family/caregiver to appropriate community-based resources, etc.





Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 10/7/2022 1142)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
 Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors





Progress:  LSW spoke with the patient's mother on the phone to assess coping and additional needs. Kyain's mother continues to cope appropriately given the circumstances per LSW's assessment. The patient's mother identified those around her who have been emotionally supportive while Kyrain is in the hospital. The patient's mother continues to actively implement strategies to promote healthy coping. 


The patient's mother shared that she wants to hold Kyrain but was unsure if it was safe to do so. Mom shared that she did not want to cause Kyrain any pain by holding him. LSW reached out to FLC Dr. Catherine Cullen who stated that it was safe to hold the patient if his pain is monitored. The patient's mother was excited to learn that she could hold Kyrain and shared ways she would monitor his behavior to assess his pain. The patient's mother collaborated with LSW to create a plan to address anxiety related to participating in Kyrain's cares. The patient's mother shared that she would like to work with Kyrain's nurse to learn how to participate in cares while being mindful of the wires and tubes that he has. The patient's mother demonstrated an appropraite level of anxiety and is actively addressing her stressors. 


The patient's mother completed the parent's section of the Opens Doors application and LSW completed the medical information sections. The Opens Doors application was submitted today on behalf of the patient's parents.




Plan: LSW will continue to follow and assess needs.




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 10.






Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
10/7/2022	11:42 AM
