Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Baby Girl A Marie Marseille-Rosalva 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2022 
MRN:  56877941


Progress: SW attempted to call Dad with a Haitian Creole Interpreter via Interpretalk. SW waiting 35 minutes to be connected with an interpreter and was unable to be connected. SW will try again later.


Addendum 1:30pm: SW spoke with Dad over the phone with a Haitian Interpreter (ID# ).


Dad reports that they are still in the hotel and no SW has come back for them yet. Dad relayed that he has been talking to other families there and they have been in the hotel for 2 weeks waiting for a place to go. Dad shared that he got money from someone and plans to uber to the Department of Housing today to speak with someone, since he doesn't have a phone number and no one has come back. Dad agreed to keep SW updated. 


Dad asked if we could transport Esther to Boston with the family. SW discussed that Mom/Dad will need to come pick Esther up and complete discharge education. Dad was understanding and requested SW purchase the tickets for him. SW discussed that SW will need to look into what resources are available. 


SW called the Department of Housing and was notified by their voicemail box that they are closed today for the federal holiday. 


SW called Boston Medical Center to obtain a contact number from them. SW LVM. 


SW called Dad back and informed him not to Uber to the Department of Housing today because they are closed. SW dicussed that SW will likely only be able to assist Dad with discharge transportation back to Boston with Esther through a bus or train ticket, but SW will still need to verify. Dad was upset about his options being a bus or train ticket and requested a plane ticket. SW discussed that SW only has access to limited resources. Dad was eventually understanding and expressed that he is going to try to find his own way there and back on the plane. Dad will keep SW updated.


Addendum 3:30pm: SW and MD Revak called Dad to let him know that he will need to come to CHOP on Wednesday, 10/12, the Lovenox teaching will be on Thursday, and they will be discharged on Thursday. Dad was agreeable with this plan. 


SW then asked Dad for the address of where they are staying. Dad shared that they are at 159 Pelham Street Methuen, MA 01844. SW located this on the map and noted it is one hour away from Boston and the medical centers there. Dad does not have a car and does not know how he would get there.


Dad asked SW to help him get closer to the hospital. SW discussed that SW is unable to help, as SW is in Philadelphia and the family is in Boston. Dad continued to ask SW to place calls on his behalf. SW agreed to call anyone SW is able to, but that SW is unlikely able to do anything to help the family. SW expressed SW's concerns several times that the family is in Boston with no plan of stable housing and accessibility to medical follow ups, and Esther is in the hospital medically cleared. 


SW called BMC again and LVM. 


Addendum 5pm: SW received a call back from Julie from Boston Medical Center. Julie discussed that due to the influx of families coming to Boston seeking shelter, they have had to place families far out, so she was not surprised to hear that the family is in Methuen. Julie discussed that the Department of Housing is hard to reach via phone, but that she has had success through email. SW provided SW email address for Julie to forward these email addresses to.


Julie discussed that there is Medicaid Transportation available to the family once they have Medicaid. SW discussed the delay that will take place. Julia is unfamiliar with other resources available. Julie provided Hematology SW information who may know more: Angelica, 617-414-7718.


Plan: SW signed out to SW Tracey Monroe who is covering this pt tomorrow and Wednesday. The plan remains for Dad to come on Wednesday and receive discharge education on Thursday. SW will try to get in touch with the Department of Housing and Boston Medical Center to learn about potential transportation resources to her medical follow ups and resources. 


Time Spent: 240 minutes
Acuity: Level 4 - Require significant advocacy to meet basic needs 


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


10/10/2022            9:42 AM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will transition to safe/accessible home environment supportive of patient health needs
Outcome: Ongoing



