 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Alayna Edwards
CHOP MRN#: 56896420
DOB:  6/5/2021
TODAY'S DATE:  10/10/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  4:13 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 


Progress: 


SW met with both parents at bedside to assess ongoing coping and needs and to provide support. Both parents continue to visit daily from local RMH. SW assessed ongoing coping and adjustment. Parents were appropriately tearful after receiving updates last week about Alayna's strokes and possible impacts and have intermittently presented as more withdrawn at bedside. Mom has been engaging in positive coping skills and outlets such as drawing, activity books, and talking with a close friend. Parents appear to be strong supports to one another. Dad shared that an additional stressor is his current unemployment and concern about ability to apply for jobs during the hospitalization. SW continues to provide ongoing supportive counseling and also connecting family with foundations/community resources as appropriate. In SW assessment it appears that psychology support during the hospitalization in addition to outpatient mental health referrals may be beneficial to the family's coping and adjustment to unexpected hospitalization, cardiac arrest, and new cardiac diagnosis. Parents expressed being open to meeting with unit psychologist, SW asked primary team to place behavioral health consult. SW will continue to follow. 


SW also assisted mom with navigating FMLA and NJ FLI paperwork and necessary forms were signed by CICU FLC. SW secure emailed and faxed the documents to appropriate parties. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow and provide support. SW will continue to be available to the family and medical team. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
10/10/2022	4:13 PM














