 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: Baby Girl A Marie Marseille-Rosalva
CHOP MRN#: 56877941
DOB:  8/7/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  10/11/2022
TODAY'S TIME: 9:21 AM


SW continue to follow this patient for disposition planning. 


SW called NJ DCPP caseworker Eirini Otaegui (desk: 609-626-3288; work cell: 609-915-7955) today and provided updates. DCPP caseworker plans to transfer case to Massachusetts once patient is discharged. 


Addendum 9:22am SW called Boston Medical Center hemotology social worker Angelina to discuss resources available to patient when her care is transferred there. Angelica reported Boston Medical Center will see all patients regardless of their insurance status or ability to pay. SW will update the medical team that we are able to schedule PCP and Hematology follow up appointments for patient at Boston Medical Center without active insurance. 


Addendum 11:20am SW called dad with Haitian Creole interpreter #257384 however, mom answered the phone. Mom reported dad was away from the hotel but he would call me when he returned. SW and mom discussed discharge planning for patient and I reviewed patient's follow up appointments that are needed when she arrives in Boston. Mom shared parents do not have transportation to Boston Medical Center. SW explained to mom Boston Medical Center might be able to provide some transportation resources for appointments but ultimately it is the parents responsibility to get to appointments in Boston. SW encourages mom to begin exploring public transportation opitions, LYFT/Uber, or community agencies/chruces. 


Mom shared she is concerned about patient's twin sibling. Mom reported patient's sibling is not sleeping and has been crying all day. SW encouraged mom to take the baby to nearest emergency room or to call 911. Asked mom if she planned to take the baby to the hospital and she said she did not know. SW again explained to mom that if is she concerned about siblings's health to seek medical care. 


Addendum 2:56pm SW called dad with Haitian Creole interpreter. SW, mom, and dad had long conversation about the parents plan to come to come to Philadelphia on Wednesday for discharge. Dad is requesting bus tickets for parents and two siblings. SW explained to parents that siblings are not allowed at bedside overnight and that it is  recommended one parent present to the hospital while the other remain in Boston with the siblings. Dad disagrees with this plan.Dad shared he can not travel alone with the baby because he does not know how to provide childcare ( feeding, changing, ect). Dad also shared mom can not travel a long distance by herself. 


Dad is requesting a plane ticket for mom. SW explained we are unable to provide mom a plan ticket. SW again encourages one parent to present to the hospital for discharge but dad disagrees with this plan. Provided update to the medical team and SW Supervisor. 


Time Spent: 240 minutes


Acuity: Level 4 - Require significant advocacy to meet basic needs 




Tracey Monroe, MSW
Social Worker
The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia











10/11/2022	9:21 AM
























