Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Baby Girl A Marie Marseille-Rosalva 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2022 
MRN:  56877941


Progress: CFF confirmed that Dad successfully got onto the Lyft this morning to the Boston Greyhound Bus Station. 


SW called BMC Financial Assistance Department (617-414-5155). BMC FA confirmed the baby is registered with BMC. BMC FA reports that Dad also needs to be registered with BMC before they can move forward with making an appointment because Esther is a minor and Dad is the head of household, so he would be applying on behalf of the whole family. BMC FA reports that they have appointments available for the family to come in starting Monday, and all of next week. 


Through further conversation, SW discovered that this FA appointment will be the apply the family for Masshealth (Massuchusetts Medicaid). SW discussed that while this will be needed, we will need to set the family up more immediately with Charity Care, as they will be uninsured awaiting the transfer to NJ MA to MA MA. BMC FA discussed that they do not do Charity Care, and that SW will need to call BMC Pediatrics Department (617-414-5086) and request to speak with a SW there to complete the Charity Care Application. 


SW was transferred to the Pediatrics Department. Peds Department took down SW's information and will have a SW reach out to discuss next steps.


SW received call from DCPP caseworker (609-626-3200) who informed SW that she is going to put in a request to transfer the case to Boston.


Addendum 1:37pm: SW made outreach again to BMC Pediatrics, as SW has not heard back. SW LVM. 


SW then called Dad with a Haitian Creole Interpreter (ID# 257360). Dad confirmed that he safely arrived in NY and will be getting on the bus to transfer to Philadelphia at 2:55pm. SW discussed that SW will be approved a Lyft ride from the Greyhound Station to CHOP. SW explained that SW will have left the office by the time Dad arrives in Philadelphia. SW provided the phone number for the CFF and advised him to call when he arrives and request an interpreter. SW discussed that SW will inform the CFF ahead of time, as well. 


Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 3 and Other: Lyft.
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: No Financial Resources


Additional comments:  
SW approved Lyft ride for the family from Philadelphia Greyhound Station to CHOP when Dad arrives at 5:15pm. SW provided Dad with CFF phone number and advised him to call that number when he arrives and request a Haitian Creole Interpreter and they can connect with one. Dad expressed understanding and denied any other questions or concerns about this plan. SW also approved meal vouchers for today and tomorrow for Dad when he is at the bedside. SW also discussed this with the CFF so they expect Dad's call and requested the meal vouchers be delivered to the bedside.


Disposition Checklist:
[ ] Dad to complete Lovenox education in the Connolly Center
[ ] SW to get in touch with BMC SW (Pediatrics: 617-414-5086) regarding setting up Charity Care for Esther (SW awaiting BMC SW callback)
[ ] Dad to register himself with BMC, so he can apply for Financial Assistance for Esther
[ ] SW to schedule an appointment with BMC Financial Assistance (617-414-5155) once Dad is registered with BMC
[ ] PCP established and follow up appointment scheduled (PCP will coordinate Outpatient Hematology referral)


Plan: Dad to arrive in Philadelphia at 5:15pm tonight. SW to approve Lyft from from Greyhound Station to CHOP. SW will speak with BMC SW regarding getting the family set up with Charity Care. SW will inform Dad that he will need to register himself with BMC. SW will then help Dad schedule an appointment with BMC MA next week. MD working on setting up PCP appointment with the understanding that FA Appointment is in place and hopefully Charity Care applied for. 


Time Spent: 180 minutes
Acuity: Level 4 - Require significant advocacy to meet basic needs 


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


10/13/2022            9:31 AM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will transition to safe/accessible home environment supportive of patient health needs
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate insurance coverage to obtain necessary medical care
Outcome: Ongoing



