Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Lillie Nichelle Fears 
Date of Birth:  9/21/2011 
MRN:  55437892


Progress: SW called Mom to introduce self and SW support on Complex Care Gold. Per chart review, Mom (Tara Fears) adopted Lillie earlier this year (Adoption Paperwork uploaded to chart 1/11/2022). 


Mom shared about Lillie's current wheelchair issues and asked SW questions about what this will look like on the outpatient side in terms of transportation and the actual appointment, as Lillie usually sits in her wheelchair for the appointment. 


The family has a wheelchair accessible van they purchased and typically use for transportation.


SW discussed Transnet (Montgomery County MATP) for transportation to outpatient appointments. Mom in agreement to register Lillie for services while awaiting her wheelchair modifications. 


SW called Transnet and received the MATP application. SW will complete it with Mom, in addition, to write a letter signed by the MD stating the reason why Lillie will need stretcher transport, as requested in the MATP application. 


Mom shared she has not heard back from Seating Clinic OT, Deb and requested that she call her back. Mom interested in speak with her about what appointments will look like for Lillie without a wheelchair. SW offered to relay this message.


Mom shared she will be at the bedside at 3pm. SW will meet with Mom at 3pm and complete a full SW assessment.


Addendum 3:30pm: SW met with Mom at the bedside and provided the MATP application. Mom agreed to fill out the application and SW will submit it on behalf of the family via fax.


Please see separate SW note for full SW assessment.


Plan: SW will submit the MATP application to Transnet once complete.


Time Spent: 30 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


10/13/2022            12:53 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 10/13/2022 1253)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Adequate transportation:
• Refer as needed to insurance or community-based resources
• Assess patient's transportation needs related to accessing medical care



