Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Baby Girl A Marie Marseille-Rosalva 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2022 
MRN:  56877941


Progress: SW called BMC Pediatrics (617-414-5086) and LVM.


SW contacted BMC Pediatrics Clinic (617-414-5946) and spoke with a receptionist. Receptionist discussed that this matter will take up to 3 business days for a response. SW discussed the time sensitive matter that SW discuss setting up Charity Care for a patient, as this patient cannot be discharged until PCP it set up, who is requiring FA be in place. Receptionist was understanding and agreed to try to escalate this, but shared that she cannot guarantee this will be successful. 


SW called BMC Hematology SW Angelica (617-414-7718) to inquire if she could assist SW with this process. SW LVM. 


Addendum 11:45am: SW met with Dad at the bedside. Dad continues to ask that SW purchase a ticket for the family to fly home. SW discussed why this is not possible financially. SW continues to express that only a train or bus ticket will be possible. Dad was eventually understanding, although not pleased. 


SW and Dad called BMC Registration together and successfully registered Dad at BMC. 


SW then called BMC Financial Assistance and scheduled an appointment for the family for Tuesday, 10/18 at 2pm. The appointment will be at the Shapiro Building (725 Albany Street Boston, MA 02118; Floor 3, Room 3C). BMC FA advised that parents bring any legal documents, passports, birth certificates, and proof of address. 


SW approved additional resources for Dad as documented below.


Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 4.
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: No Available Resouces


Additional comments:  
SW approved resources through the SWEF for Dad to purchase food while he is here for disposition needs. The family does not have any available resources. SW called the CFF and requested the vouchers be delivered to the bedside.


Addendum 2pm: SW notified by MD that PCP is established. PCP appointment at BMC on 11/4. 


SW received approval from SW Supervisor, Alan Tuttle, to purchase train tickets home for the family via Amtrak. SW reached out to SW Secretary, Cynthia Moore, for assistance with purchasing the tickets through the SWEF. 


SW will confirm with the team and family once the ride is booked about the ride details and tickets. Discharge planned for tomorrow. 


Addendum 4pm: SW collaborated with SW Secretary, Cynthia Moore, to book the Amtrak tickets home for tomorrow. Amtrak ride is scheduled for 2:35pm from 30th Street Station. The family will arrive at Boston South Station at 7:50pm. The train ride is direct with no transfers.


SW approved Lyft rides for Dad and Esther to get to 30th Street Station and home from the Boston train station. Approval is below.


Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Other: Lyft.
Reason for Disbursement: Medically necessary for discharge and Other hardship considerations: No Financial Resouces


Additional comments:  
SW approved a Lyft ride from CHOP to 30th Street Amtrak Station for tomorrow's discharge. SW also approved a Lyft from the Boston South Station to the hotel the family is living at when they arrive in Boston tomorrow. All redcaps forms have been submitted. 


SW met with Dad at the bedside and discussed all of the transportation information, the BMC FA appointment, and their pediatrician appointment. SW provided Dad with the tickets for their train ride tomorrow. 


Dad denied any other questions or concerns at this time. 


SW then spoke with DCPP who confirmed that she called Boston and requested a case transfer. She is hoping they will do a home visit next week. 


Disposition Checklist:
[x] Dad to complete Lovenox education in the Connolly Center- scheduled for 3pm
[ ] SW to get in touch with BMC SW (Pediatrics: 617-414-5086) regarding setting up Charity Care for Esther- SW awaiting call back
[x] Dad to register himself with BMC, so he can apply for Financial Assistance for Esther
[x] SW to schedule an appointment with BMC Financial Assistance (617-414-5155) once Dad is registered with BMC
[x] PCP established and follow up appointment scheduled (PCP will coordinate Outpatient Hematology referral)
[x] SW will book discharge transportation home for the family


Plan: Baby Girl A will be discharged tomorrow. 


Time Spent: 240 minutes
Acuity: Level 4 - Require significant advocacy to meet basic needs 


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


10/14/2022            9:34 AM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate insurance coverage to obtain necessary medical care
Outcome: Ongoing



