SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 10/18/2022 0926)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
• Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
• Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
• Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 10/18/2022 0926)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Household finances:
• Assess patient/family/caregiver financial resources (income, benefits, resources, etc.)
• Refer patient/family/caregiver to appropriate community-based resources, etc.


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have access to needed local accommodations
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 10/18/2022 0927)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Local accommodations: Assist family in obtaining community accommodations supports, including low-cost options such as Ronald McDonald House, Hosts for Hospitals, etc., or assistance with hotel stays, as available






Progress:  LSW met with the patient's mother at the bedside to assess coping and additional needs. The patient's mother continues to cope appropriately with Clark's hospitalization. Alexandra is able to identify stressors and is actively implementing strategies to address them. The patient's mother was appropriately tearful when discussing stressors related to Clark's ongoing hospitalization. LSW provided emotional support and supportive counseling while meeting with Clark's mother.


 LSW provided education on applying for the Open's Doors grant and emailed the patient's mother the application to complete. LSW discussed with Alexandra alternative accomodation if the RMD is not avaliable at the end of the month. Alexandra demonstrated an understanding of the information provided. 


Alexandra shared that Clark's siblings have cold like symptoms and she asked for guidance on best practice for visitation for herself. LSW advised the patient's mother that she should not visit the hospital if she is sick. Alexandra verbalized several times that she wants to do what is best for Clark to keep him safe. The patient's mother was appropriately tearful when discussing the possibility that she could not visit if she becomes sick. Alexandra shared that she will actively monitor for symptoms.


Plan: LSW will continue to follow and provide support. 




Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
10/18/2022	9:28 AM
