SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing



Progress:  Social worker received text message from mother that parents' phones are currently off. Parents have been reachable via text message and FaceTime Audio. Social worker assisted anesthesia and neurosurgery teams with reaching parents via FaceTime Audio for the anesthesia team to obtain consent for Treasure's shunt revision today.


Social worker spoke with mother via FaceTime Audio in the afternoon. Mother shared that the NG tube class went well. Social worker explained that the medical team anticipates that Treasure will need 1-2 days to recover from her surgery, and that it is anticipated that she will be back on full feeds by this evening. Social worker relayed that the medical team anticipates that Treasure will be ready for discharge by the end of the week. Social worker explained that expectation that parents will come in to complete a stay to learn Treasure's feeding and to complete discharge education. Mother noted that parents can commit to a 6 hour stay this Friday 10/28 in the evening. Mother shared that she will need to reach out to her child care provider for parents' almost 2 year old daughter to determine whether parents will be able to stay longer than 6 hours on 10/28 in the evening. Social worker relayed that parents will need to complete a second 6 hour stay and asked that parents coordinate a time for child care to arrange this and follow up with the medical team. Mother plans to do so. Social worker relayed that parents can come at any time of the day to complete the education and practice feeds including before the end of the week. Social worker relayed that Treasure will not be able to stay in the hospital after she is medically ready for discharge, so planning a time to complete discharge teaching is needed. Mother verbalized understanding of the plan and will follow up to determine a second 6 hour stay date once parents are able to coordinate child care for their older daughter. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. Will continue to collaborate with NICU Yellow Team social worker, Qadriyyah Major, who is following Treasure's twin sister. 




Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
10/24/2022	12:05 PM
