SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Patient's Name:  Baby Boy Gabrielle Duhn 
Date of Birth:  10/9/2022 
MRN:  56902784


Progress: SW received a phone call from Penndel Police Department Officer Darnley, who was at the front desk of the hospital. Officer Darnley inquired about patient's admission and status. He stated that the Bucks County District Attorney is considering criminal charges against parents. SW updated Officer Darnley that, per NICU SW discussion with Bucks County CYS, there is no open child abuse/neglect investigation or case. SW provided Officer Darnley with the contact information for Bucks CYS Intake Worker Jessica Mantione (215-340-8982). 


Penndel PD to potentially contact CHOP Health Information Management with a court order, warrant, or subpoena for medical documentation.


SW spoke to Bucks County CYS Supervisor Carolyn Senske (215-348-6900) to advise her of the DA and PD's concerns. She reviewed their agency's documentation regarding the ChildLine report and assented the decision to not open the case for further investigation. 


SW informed parents of discussion with Penndel PD.


Per discussion with Attending MDs Gati and Masur, no need for social hold. Patient may be discharged to parents once medically cleared and once active CHOP Financial Assistance is in place. No indication to re-file with ChildLine as there are no new or unreported concerns relative to patient's birth and no new or evolving concerns for abuse/neglect.


Plan: SW will continue to follow.


Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Stacey Keo, LSW
Social Worker
Phone: 215-680-6236


10/28/2022	10:09 AM



Problem: RELATIONSHIPS/BEHAVIOR
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have appropriate supports to address suspected abuse/neglect
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will transition to safe/accessible home environment supportive of patient health needs
Outcome: Ongoing



