SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 10/28/2022 1746)
Adjustment - Intervention - diagnosis:
 Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to address patient/family/caregiver questions and concerns through bedside rounding, team-family meetings, etc.)
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Provide active listening to support patient/family/caregiver in voicing understanding of and disagreement with diagnosis/prognosis as well as questions and concerns




Progress:  


Covering LSW, attending on service (Dr. Frost), attending fellow, CM, PACT attending on service, CM, and psychology met with patient parents for a POC meeting away from bedside. Interpreter utilized for patient mother and father-VRI Interpreter`s Jesus 760369 and Juan 750003.



Patient parents asked thoughtful questions regarding Gisselle`s care and medical progression.



Patient parents and attending discussed medical information related to, respiratory care, feeding and patient edema. Per attending on service, at this time, the following goals are what the medical team is working toward: 
- Slowly get Gisselle off of TPN within the next couple weeks
- Slowly whean Giselle`s respiratory support over the next few months
-  Work toward extubation as this is the cause of the edema (main medical concern for patient parents)


At this time, Gisselle has made positive progression toward feeds and is respiratory is stable. 


Patient parents verbalized understanding of medical goals and the timeline for which the team is hoping Giselle will progress toward. 


 Psychology looped in for additional emotional support.
Team encouraged patient parents to continue to communicate their questions to the medical team as they come up.



Patient parents thanked team.
Next goal for patient mother is to coordinate with medical team to look at when they may recommend a time for patient mother to visit patient sibling in Mexico.



Patient parents thanked LSW.


Plan: LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 




Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
10/28/2022	5:46 PM
