SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 10/31/2022 0818)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
• Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
• Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
• Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors



Progress:  
LSW spoke with patient uncle and aunt at bedside. Patient parents requested to speak with LSW regarding patient and providing the following information:
-Breanna Miller Child Protective Service Specialist of Newport News Department of Human Services contact information Millerb@nnva.gov as they gained support from CPS in VA where patient was born.


- A document that is a POA that states patient mother gave uncle and aunt permission to make medical decisions for Jordan (This document is being reviewed for legitimacy under PA law)
- Patient mother contact number 302 345 8960


LSW contacted patient mother and left voice message. LSW made outreach to birthing hospital in Virginia (VA) and Capital Health Hopewell hospital to gain additional information. 


Patient birthing hospital in VA SW (Adriana Koss-757 736 1021) confirmed that patient mother called uncle to be present at Jordan`s birth and to be in charge of patient medical decisions. LSW spoke to VA SW regarding patient mother and SW confirmed that patient mother is struggling with sever behavioral health issues and unable to care for patient at this time.




Breanna Miller Child Protective Service Specialist of Newport News Department plans to make outreach to Morrisville CPS to provide sign out and have involvement-patient uncle and aunt willing to work work with CPS for support in becoming legal kinship parents.


LSW assessed patient uncle and aunt coping and provided supportive counseling. Patient uncle and aunt coping appropriately and provided with LSW contact number to gain support as needed.


Plan: 


LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 


Time Spent: 150 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
10/31/2022	8:18 AM
