Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaseen K Algarhy 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2008 
MRN:  55118447


Progress: SW met with Mom in the 8C Conference Room this morning.


Mom discussed ongoing financial stressors and that she has become unable to afford gas to come and see Yaseen. SW offered to look into available resources to help Mom with gas money. Mom is getting surgery on 11/3, but plans to come visit on 11/2, as well as the back and forth travel today.


SW also discussed ODF for mortgage assistance. Mom and SW completed the application together. SW will submit the application on the family's behalf. Mom shared about an overdue electric bill that SW Amanda from Montgomery County organization is trying to help the family with. Mom provided Amanda's phone number and requested that SW reach out to her (Amanda: 610-755-9479).


Mom also discussed disposition planning for Yaseen. Mom clarified that she will be bed-ridden for 2 weeks post surgery (until 11/17), but her doctor also informed her mobility and activity should be extremely limited until 2 months post-surgery (1/3/2023). Thus, mom will not be able to care for Yaseen until 1/23/2022. Mom discussed that she has been approved for 10 hours overnight (9pm-7am) and Yaseen will be in school from 7am-3pm, but Mom will need that 3-9pm shift covered by nursing during her recovery time. Mom expressed that there is no one else who can care for Yaseen, or help her. Mom identified a neighbor who is a nurse, but she is only able to stop by for a short amount of time, not for hours at a time. SW to speak with CM and the care team regarding this nursing support needed.


Mom also provided PCP information: Dr. Maher 215-822-7700 and requested that we reach out regarding the nursing piece.


Mom expressed gratitude to SW and how challenging this preparation for her surgery has been, as she is the only one who cares for Yaseen and she does not have local family support. Mom expressed that she wants Yaseen to be cared for safely while she is unable to.


Addendum 2pm: SW spoke with Amanda Synder (610-755-9479) who is the Intermediate Unit Coordinator through North Penn School District. Amanda discussed that Yaseen has not been to school in several years due to no nursing staffed in the school and issues with his stroller. Per Amanda, stroller issues have been resolved. Amanda discussed that staffing was available, but then he was admitted to the hospital, so she is unsure if that staffing is still available. Amanda requested a tentative discharge date so she can check on staffing. 


Amanda suggested Firely Medical Daycare in Harleysville, PA for after school care, given that even if nurses are staffed, they could call out last minute and Mom would be unable to care for him. SW relayed this to the team. 


Amanda confirmed that she is helping Mom with the Electric Bill (around $1,500). Amanda applied to KAD but was denied due to no available funds. Amanda also applied to Cadcom (Montgomery County Utility Assistance), but has not heard back yet.


Addendum 4pm: SW shared with the school that tentative discharge date when Yaseen will be medically cleared is 11/14. However, SW noted that this would be dependent on a safe discharge plan for him. 


SW called Insurance CM Nicole Snyder (215-937-8839). KF CM discussed that she spoke with Mom that it would be best to defer the ramp and stair lift to another time due to Mom's surgery and several of the steps will require her help and presence. 


KF CM discussed her concerns with getting Yaseen nursing. KF CM discussed that Mom will need to get a letter from her doctor stating that she cannot do any physical activity and care for Yaseen for 2 months in order to qualify.


Plan: SW will reach out to SW Supervisor regarding resources for gas. SW in communication with the care team and CM about dispo barriers. SW will collaborate with Amanda regarding school re-entry and utility assistance.


Time Spent: 240 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


10/31/2022            12:48 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will transition to safe/accessible home environment supportive of patient health needs
Outcome: Ongoing



