SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Patient's Name:  Jodie Harrison 
Date of Birth:  3/27/2019 
MRN:  56891722


Progress: SW met with Mother during her walk around the unit with Jodie. He has made great progress and the family/team are hopeful for transfer to inpatient rehab soon.


SW screened ongoing resource need and eligibility, approving as follows. Plan to re-assess on Friday 11/4.


Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 6.
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: Limited income, extended admission


SW inquired about the status of the SSI application SW provided Mother last week. Mother stated that Father is working on it. SW contacted Father via phone to discuss and provided some additional guidance. Father is still working on the paperwork and will let SW know when it is completed so it can be supplemented by medical information prior to submission. Plan to check in with Father next week.


Family is involved with Philadelphia DHS, with their disposition/safety plan recommendation being discharge to Father's care. 


SW discussed this disposition plan with Father. He remains amenable. He confirmed that he and Mother are living separately at this time.


Mother remains involved in care, may visit without restriction and provide consent for Jodie.


SW spoke to DHS Investigative Caseworker Marquita Waiters (267-226-2040) to provide a medical update.


Plan: SW will continue to follow.


Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Stacey Keo, LSW
Social Worker
Phone: 215-680-6236


11/1/2022	9:02 AM


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will transition to safe/accessible home environment supportive of patient health needs
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have coordination between medical team and current CPS providers to support care needs
Outcome: Ongoing



