Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaseen K Algarhy 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2008 
MRN:  55118447


Progress: SW spoke with Mom over the phone today with an Arabic Interpreter (ID# 208692).


SW discussed that SW Supervisor approved the following resources for Mom to put towards gas to come and visit Yaseen.


Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Gift Cards: $75.
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: Limited Financial Resources


Additional comments:  
SW Supervisor Alan Tuttle approved the following resource through the SWEF to assist Mom with filling her tank with gas to come and visit Yaseen. Mom does not have enough money to purchase gas and they live and hour and a half away from CHOP. Mom is aware she can retrieve this resource at the Welcome Desk.


SW discussed remaining documentation for the ODF application. Mom sent SW a copy of her mortgage statement for the application.


Mom also sent SW the letter from her doctor stating that she cannot care for Yaseen for 8 weeks. SW forwarded this to CM to send with nursing request. Mom also sent SW the custody agreement between her and Dad. SW uploaded this to the media tab in the pt's EMR. 


SW confirmed that SW spoke with SW Amanda from Yaseen's school yesterday, as Mom requested.


SW discussed SW's concerns with not being able to get the staffing Mom needs, and the possibility of a nurse calling out and Mom being unable to care for Yaseen. Mom shared the same concerns and expressed that she wants Yaseen to be taken care of while she is unable to. SW discussed that our team continues to discuss the best plan for Yaseen.


Addendum 1:30pm: SW, CCRN, and MD Johnson called Dad to discuss disposition. SW LVM. 


Addendum 3pm: SW and MD Johnson spoke with Dad over the phone. MD Johnson provided medical updates and discussed that Yaseen is expected to be discharged in about 2 weeks. MD discussed that since Mom will be unable to care for Yaseen while she is recovering from a significant surgery, it will be expected that Dad come to pick up Yaseen for discharge and care for him until Mom is recovered. Dad stated that he will not be able to do that, as he has work commitments. Dad expressed that it is Mom's responsibility to determine an alternative plan for Yaseen, not his. SW discussed that parents share 50/50 custody, thus it is equally their responsibilities, and if Mom is unable to care for Yaseen, Yaseen would need his father to. Dad continued to state that he will not be coming to discharge Yaseen and care for him during this time. SW shared that if Dad does not come and get him, Yaseen will likely sit in the hospital for 2 months medically cleared. Dad expressed understanding.


There is no safe disposition plan for Yaseen at this time.


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW collaborating with the care team regarding discharge barriers. Yaseen's mother will not be able to take care of Yaseen until 1/3/2023. SW to submit ODF application for December Mortgage assistance.


Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


11/1/2022            11:09 AM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will transition to safe/accessible home environment supportive of patient health needs
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 11/1/2022 1108)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Household finances:
• Assess patient/family/caregiver financial resources (income, benefits, resources, etc.)
• Assist with emergency resources when eligible and appropriate



