SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate insurance coverage to obtain necessary medical care
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 11/2/2022 1629)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Insurance coverage:
 Assess patient's insurance status
 Refer to hospital and community resources and supports as needed
 Assess family/caregiver financial resources to determine ability to pay for medication upon discharge


Progress:  
LSW met with patient parents several times across last few days. LSW utilized Russian interpreter through VRI during interactions. Patient family expressed concerns around insurance for Umar as they do not want to received medical bills.


Patient parents, interpreter and LSW contacted patient mother insurance and insurance rep. Stated that patient family should apply for Medicaid for Umar. 


LSW and patient parents along with interpreter met to apply for Medicaid for patient and were unsuccessful due to systematic technological issues with Medicaid website. 


LSW will have assigned SW connect patient parents to Family Health Coverage. LSW provided supportive counseling to patient parents after assessing their stress levels related to their insurance questions. 
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Boy Umeda Sidikova
Patient MRN: 56908020
Patient DOB: 10/19/2022


Today's Date: 11/2/2022
Admission Date: 10/20/2022




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 7.




Additional comments:  
LSW assessed for concrete needs and patient parents supported.




Plan: 
LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 


Time Spent: 180 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
11/2/2022	4:30 PM
