					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Baby Girl Israt Jahan
CHOP MRN#: 56883801
DOB:  10/27/2022


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 10/31/22 10:14 
Admission/Appointment Date 10/27/22 
Referral Date 10/27/22 
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: ICU 
Primary Service: Cardiology 
Consulting Service: Genetics 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 10/31/22 10:14 
Patient living situation: PARENT(S) 
Parent Information: Israt Jahan and Rana Akm Mahmudul Hoque. Couple is married and live in Atlantic City, NJ (approx. 1.5 hours from CHOP). 
School Status OTHER 
Other School Status Comment: n/a infant 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 10/31/22 10:14 
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Mother and father 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 10/31/22 10:14 
Mental Health NO 
Home Environment: NO 
CPS Involvement NO 
Housing instability NO 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues NO 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PARENT 
Parent Strengths Israt and Rana present as supportive to one another and demonstrate a good understanding of current status and plans 
Parent Stressors Critical fetal diagnosis and CICU hospitalization 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: RELIGIOUS/SPIRITUAL;PUBLIC ASSISTANCE/SSI 
Religious/spiritual comment: Muslim faith important to coping 
Public assistance/SSI comment: Approved for WIC 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 10/31/22 10:14 
Resource Needs Problem: LOCAL ACCOMODATIONS;HOUSEHOLD FINANCES 
Goal - Household Finances Family will connect with available resources for financial support during unpaid missed work time. 
Intervention/Plan - Household Finances SW will connect family with relevant resources and cardiac foundations as appropriate. 
Goal - Local Accommodations Family will access resources to meet needs for local accommodations. 
Intervention/Plan- Local Accommodations Fetal Heart SW L. Figueroa assisted family with checking into local RMH-Chestnut St. 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 10/31/22 10:14 
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Family will have access to resources and supports to assist in coping/adjustment to critical fetal diagnosis and CICU hospitalization. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization SW will provide resources and supports in collaboration with multidisciplinary team. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 10/31/22 10:14 
Relationships/Behavior Problems NONE IDENTIFIED 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 10/31/22 10:14 
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;CASE MANAGER;CHILD LIFE;FRONT LINE CLINICIAN;NURSING;SOCIAL WORK;PACT 
Time Spent (min) 30 min 
Acuity  Level 2 


SW called pt's father to coordinate time to meet. Family was previously well-supported by Fetal Heart SW Lucia Figueroa. SW met with mother and father (Israt and Rana) at the bedside. Israt and Rana live in Atlantic City, NJ and Amayra is their first child. Family has checked into local RMH. Family has often been present in family lounge or downstairs/nearby with family and present at bedside more intermittently. Family is engaged with care plans and shared feeling well updated by the medical team.


Family received extensive prenatal counseling through Fetal Heart Program and CFDT especially around high risk of fetal demise and poor prognosis of congenital heart defects. Rana shared that he and Israt have been feeling 'depressed' recently with circumstances and reflected on how difficult things have been. Rana shared that the family is hopeful Amayra will do well and recognize that the road ahead would involve months of hospitalization. SW offered emotional support and ongoing supportive counseling. SW shared that spiritual care and psychology services are available for additional support if family is interested. Parents noted that they typically pray alone or with their faith community. Parents asked about availability of Halal food; SW connected with Family Services/Hospitality (Nina Dacey) who provided a Halal menu. SW will provide meal vouchers to assist. RMH SW also notified family of local Halal food.


SW assessed additional family stressors. Rana shared concerns about limited income and unpaid missed work time while present at the hospital. Both Rana and Israt are employed in retail stores. Rana has applied for family leave benefits (FMLA and NJ FLI) and is awaiting a determination. SW welcome Rana to reach out if needing assistance with paperwork. Israt shared that she has been approved for WIC. SW will assist family in connecting with available resources and foundations. 


Insurance- Mom shared that she was contacted by NJMA Horizon NJ Health to assist in adding baby. SW will confirm if active. 


SW provided a copy of the cardiac family resource guide as well as SW's contact information. SW will continue to follow. SW will collaborate with PACT in supporting the family. 


Melissa Greberman, LCSW
5:40 PM
11/2/2022
