SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 11/3/2022 1056)
Adjustment - Intervention - diagnosis:
 Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to address patient/family/caregiver questions and concerns through bedside rounding, team-family meetings, etc.)
 Provide active listening to support patient/family/caregiver in voicing understanding of and disagreement with diagnosis/prognosis as well as questions and concerns




Progress: 
CLD LSW, CM, and attending (Dr. Erik Jensen) met patient mother and father away from the bedside as they participated in an introduction to yellow team meeting. Patient parents provided with intro to yellow team folder to review.



Patient parents asked thoughtful questions during the meeting. Dr. Jensen provided the following information:
- Parents to be notified if/when medical changes occur
- Current respiratory support for Zidane
- Cardiology ECHO results
- CLD team makeup (Attending, FLC, LSW, CM, Dietician, Pharmacist)
- Tracheostomy and Gtube although not yet projected for Zidane
- Feeding/Caloric needs for growth
- The importance of developmental therapies. Parents will be connecting to therapist through LSW to learn development activities they can engage in with Zidane
- Estimated timeframe to discharge


Patient parents and CM discussed how CM support patient an patient family. Patient parents scheduled for appt. With SSI on 11/11/22. Pateint awaiting secondary Medicaid determination.


LSW met with patient parents separately to process medical information received form attending. LSW provided therapeutic emotional counseling to patient parents as they were heavily impacted by the medical update. LSW to cont. To support patient parents therapeutically in collaboration with Psychology. LSW will cont. To assess coping.


LSW and patient parents also discussed hospital related stressors and LSW to f/u to address concerns. 



Plan: 



LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 




Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
11/3/2022	10:57 AM
