SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  Social worker spoke with parents via FaceTime audio. Discussed concerns regarding the barriers to parents completing discharge education and that the team may need to involve DHS to offer support to address these barriers. Father noted that he is unable to come in for discharge education due to his work schedule. Following discussion with medical team, social worker relayed that mother can be the sole caregiver to complete the discharge education. Discussed the expectation that mother will need to come in to the hospital within the next 24 hours to practice discharge education, and that if family is not able to do so, the medical team will file a report with DHS. Discussed the remaining discharge education items and explained that mother will likely need to make multiple visits to the hospital in order to complete all of the remaining education. Parents verbalized understanding. Mother requested assistance with transportation to the hospital this evening and tomorrow. Social worker arranged a round trip Lyft ride through the Center for Families for pick up at 6 PM today. Social worker will arrange a ride for mother on 11/8/22 with a 3 PM pick up per her request. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
11/7/2022	2:23 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: GirlB-Danayia Conquest
Patient MRN: 56839962
Patient DOB: 5/7/2022


Today's Date: 11/7/2022
Admission Date: 7/27/2022




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Cab Vouchers (#'s): One round trip Lyft ride from home to the main hospital.




Additional comments:  No other transportation, limited financial resources. Pick up arranged for 6 PM. Provided mother with instructions on how to request a will call return ride home when she is ready to leave the hospital tonight. 






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 11/7/2022	2:23 PM 




