SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 11/8/2022 1547)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
• Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
• Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors
• Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
• Refer to Child Life, Creative Arts and Music Therapies, Spiritual Care and BHIP when appropriate




Progress:  LSW met with the patient's mother at the bedside following rounds to assess coping and additional needs. The patient's mother continues to cope as expected given the circumstances. LSW provided emotional support and supportive counseling while meeting with Leo's mother to address stressors. The patient's mother is able to identify stressors related to Leo's hospitalization is receptive to support. LSW provided Kimara with community resources to address stressors. While on rounds, the medical team informed the patient's parents that Leo's most recent head ultrasounds shows signs of brian injury. The patient's mother asked appropraite and thoughtful questions regarding Leo's quality of life given this new information.  LSW informed Kimara that the PACT team has been consulted to provided additional support for both parents. The patient's mother verbalized her appreciation of the support.


LSW called and spoke with the patient's father on the phone to assess coping and additional needs. The patient's father continues to cope well given the circumstances. Leo's father shared that listening in to rounds can at times be overwhelming. LSW collaborated with the patient's father to create a plan for the father to receive medical updates. Leo's father vocalized that he would like for the medical team to call him individually to provide a plan of care update daily. LSW encouraged the father to continue to call Leo's bedside nurse for nursing updates. 
LSW informed Leo's father that PACT has been consulted to provide additional support for both parents in discussing questions they have related to Leo's quality of life. The patient's father verbalized his appreciation of the additional support. Leo's father shared that at times it is difficult to hear the bad medical updates and he tries to stay positive but he now understands that he need to look at the whole picture. 



Plan: LSW will continue to follow and assess family needs.




Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
11/8/2022	3:47 PM
