SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE










Progress:  SW received consult from FLOC (A. Koutsoubis) regarding mom requesting meal vouchers. SW called patient's mother regarding meal vouchers. Per mom, previous SW was providing. This SW was apologetic stating she was unaware. 
Patient's father is involved and currently unemployed. Patient's mother discussed just starting back at work recently. Mom confirmed she receives SNAP and WIC. 
SW asked regarding any financial concerns/past due bills. Mom report family owes nearly $1000 on a gas bill. Mom declined any shut off notice. SW confirmed and discussed leaving utility assistance resources at bedside. SW notified patient's mother to contact SW should family receive a shut off notice. Patient's mother confirmed understanding. SW discussed leaving meal vouchers at bedside and encouraged patient's mother to reach out to SW directly regarding refills or should any other needs arise. Patient's mother confirmed understanding and confirmed understandings. Mother comes in the afternoons and confirmed she really only needs one voucher/day.


SW called OMS and requested car seat be delivered to patient's room.




Patient Name: Baby Boy Cynthia Alexander
Patient MRN: 56898291
Patient DOB: 10/27/2022


Today's Date: 11/14/2022
Admission Date: 10/27/2022




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 7.
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: financial hardship/unemployment




Additional comments:  SW completed redcap and retrieved vouchers and left at bedside. Patient's mother to contact SW regarding refill.




Plan: SW will continue to follow and reassess needs throughout admission to 9 South. Social Work supports will be offered as appropriate throughout hospitalization.


ADDENDUM 2:40PM: Hailey from OMS called SW and notified her that infant car seats are in low stock and none are currently available. OMS discussed other options. SW verbalized understanding and discussed needing infant car seat specifically. SW noted request can be cancelled as patient is not being d/c yet, SW was just planning ahead. SW to call OMS at a later date to request infant car seat. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed by:




Katy Kucharski  LSW
9 South Social Worker 
(215)422-2718


11/14/2022  1:39 PM




