Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaseen K Algarhy 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2008 
MRN:  55118447


Progress: SW received a phone call from Mom. Mom discussed that she is doing okay as she continues to recover from her surgery. Mom shared that she went to the doctors today to follow up from her surgery and they expressed that everything looks good and encouraged her to continue to rest and take things slowly. Mom said that the doctor shared that she will need another 6 weeks to recover, as they had expected. 


Mom was tearful as she expressed how hard it is to not be with Yaseen, especially after hearing about his seizure on Monday. Mom expressed that she wants to come to CHOP, but is worried that the hour and a half drive will not be good for her recovery. SW discussed ways that SW can support Mom seeing Yaseen while she cannot be here in person. SW discussed sending Mom pictures of Yaseen and setting up video calls for her to see him. Mom became tearful again and expressed gratitude many times. Mom is very excited about the option to receive photos and video chat with Yaseen. 


Mom confirmed she has access to MyCHOP for SW to send the pictures of Yaseen through. SW discussed that SW will send a video call link to Mom's email for the video call. We agreed that tomorrow at 9:30am would work. SW sent this link to Mom's email ms_bebo14@hotmail.com.


SW encouraged Mom to reach out to SW if she ever wants to see Yaseen and SW will do my best to make this happen as soon as I am able. 


SW encouraged Mom to continue to rest and follow the instructions of her doctor. Mom in agreement.


After the call, SW sent Mom a photo of Yaseen through MyCHOP. 


Plan: SW will continue to check in with Mom to support alternative ways to see and be with Yaseen while she is recovering from surgery. SW will facilitate video calls and send photos through secure messages on MyCHOP. First video call will be tomorrow at 9:30am. SW will continue to follow and remain available to SW support throughout this admission.


Time Spent: 30 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


11/16/2022            4:59 PM


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 11/16/2022 1659)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
 Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors
 Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling



