					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Ahuva Blonder
CHOP MRN#: 56858797
DOB:  4/30/2022


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 11/22/22 12:37 
Admission/Appointment Date 07/20/22 
Referral Date 11/22/22 
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: Inpatient 
Primary Service: Pulmonary 
Consulting Service: Orthopedics 
Assessment Type Reassessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 11/22/22 12:37 
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);CHILDREN IN THE HOME 
Parent Information: Pt will go home with Mom and Dad who live in Manchester, NJ. Dad shared that both parents work, but have been taking off of work during this admission. Parents plan to go back to work once they get pt settled in at home and with home nurses. 
Children in the home Information: Pt has 5yo and 3yo siblings. 
School Status OTHER 
Other School Status Comment: pt is an infant. 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 11/22/22 12:37 
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Mom and Dad. 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 11/22/22 12:37 
Mental Health NO 
Home Environment: NO 
CPS Involvement NO 
Housing instability NO 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues NO 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PARENT 
Parent Strengths Dad is a strong advocate for Ahuva, Parents ask good questions, Parents are thoughtful in their decision making for Ahuva, parents are open to support, parents partner well together with Ahuva's care, parents are dedicated to Ahuva and ensuring she has access to everything she needs. 
Parent Stressors extended admission, distance from home, financial stressors. 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: CASE MANAGEMENT SERVICES;FOUNDATION SUPPORT;PUBLIC ASSISTANCE/SSI;OTHER;TRANSPORTATION 
Transportation comment: Dad shared that the family has a car and are interested in the mileage reimbursement program through MATP. 
Public assistance/SSI comment: Family receives SNAP. Family looked into SSI, but were told that if they receive SSI, they would get less money in SNAP. Pt has Secondary MA. 
Foundation support comment: Parents are connected with Chai Lifeline, NIICU SW assistered with referrals to Fred's Footsteps (2 months of mortgage paid, Thanksgiving gift card), ODF (one month of mortgage paid), and Harps Hope. 
Case management services comment: Mom shared she is connected with the NJ Special Needs Case Management Unit. 
Other existing community services/outside support comment: Parents stay at RMH when needed. 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 11/22/22 12:37 
Resource Needs Problem: TRANSPORTATION;EMPLOYMENT/INCOME;HOUSEHOLD FINANCES;INSURANCE 
Goal - Household Finances Parents will have access to financial assistance programs. 
Intervention/Plan - Household Finances NIICU SW assisted the family with various FA organization referrals. SW will look into resources for other furniture items for the baby at parent's request. 
Goal - Insurance Family will have knowledge of NJ Secondary Medicaid. 
Intervention/Plan - Insurance SW will look into potential for secondary MA to remain in place after disharge. SW will provide the family with FHCP information. 
Goal- Transportation Pt will have access to NJ Modivcare Ride Reimbursement program. 
Intervention/Plan - Transportation SW provided information on the program and the family is interested in getting this set up. SW will provide registration information to the family. 
Goal - Employment/income Family will have knowledge of employment support resources. 
Intervention/Plan - Employment/income SW discussed FMLA and how to start the process. Parents interested in starting this process after discharge. SW discussed that PCP can assist with completing the medical section. 
Goal - Local Accommodations  
Intervention/Plan- Local Accommodations  




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 11/22/22 12:37 
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Family will cope well and feel supported during this admission. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization SW will follow the family throughout this admission on 8C and provide appropriate resources and referrals. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 07/21/22  
Relationships/Behavior Problems NONE IDENTIFIED 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 11/22/22 12:37 
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;SOCIAL WORK;CASE MANAGER;FRONT LINE CLINICIAN 
Time Spent (min) 60 min 
Acuity  Level 2 




SW met with parents at the bedside and completed a SW assessment. Parents are eager to take Ahuva home after this long admission.


Parents confirmed that they have a crib and car seat for Ahuva. Parents expressed that they do not have any other furniture for her and inquired about FA support with obtaining a changing table, dresser, etc. For the pt. SW relayed that SW is not aware of organizations, but SW can look into this and consult with NIICU SW. Dad expressed that this admission has been a significant financial strain on the family.


Parents asked about Secondary Medicaid remaining in place after discharge. SW offered to look into this for the family and reach out to FHCP if they can assist.


SW discussed NJ ModivCare Mileage Reimbursement program (if MA remains in place), emergency letters for parents to provide their utility companies and local fire department, and a handicap placard. Parents are interested in all of these resources. Parents discussed that they are unsure if their insurance will be covering her formula. Parents expressed that if they insurance is not supplying her formula, they would like to apply for WIC. Parents requested assistance with WIC, if so. 


Dad shared that he prefers email for communication and provided SW with email address. 


Plan: SW will work on emergency letters, handicap placard application, NJ Modivcare information, and looking into organizations to assist the family with furniture for Ahuva. 




Emily Baumley
Social Worker
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
Dial: 67273 


Emily K Baumley
12:49 PM
11/22/2022
