Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Ahuva Blonder 
Date of Birth:  4/30/2022 
MRN:  56858797


Progress: SW emailed Dad (yaakovblonder@gmail.com) resources and information as a follow up from our conversation yesterday. 


Furniture/Transition to Home from the NIICU
	Habitat for Humanity ReStore: Northern Ocean Habitat
•	1214 Route 37 East Toms River, NJ 08753
•	Phone: 732-818-9500


	Lily's List
	https://www.lilyslist.org/


SW also sent Dad the emergency priority letter (which may be found in the letters tab) via secure email.


SW met with both parents at the bedside and discussed the above resources. Parents requested that SW make a referral to Lily's List for the supplies they can provide families. SW agreed. 


SW discussed Dad's concerns with their Secondary Medicaid. Dad relayed that their whole family has Medicaid as their primary insurance. Dad feels that the family only qualifies due to the pandemic and resources lost. Dad relayed that he is worried that once he goes back to work, they will be over income and they will look her Secondary Medicaid. SW expressed that SW is unable to predict what will happen with the medicaid and what the family's income will be, but provided family with FHCP information if the family would like to reach out regarding eligibility in the future. Dad agreed and was thankful for the resource. 


SW also provided information about MLTSS if the family is interested in that in the future. Dad confirmed that this is what he wanted information on and would like to start that process. SW encouraged the family to reach out if they have any questions as they begin this process while the pt is still admitted.


SW discussed ModivCare Mileage Reimbursement program. SW provided a sample log, blank log, and information about how to get reimbursed through the program. SW emailed Dad these documents, as well. SW discussed that this is a Medicaid resource, so the family will only have access to it as long as Ahuva has medicaid. Dad expressed understanding. 


Parents denied any other SW needs at this time.


Addendum 4pm: SW placed referral to Lily's List.


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW will provide the family with the handicap placard form once completed.


Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


11/23/2022            9:39 AM


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



