SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have coordination between medical team and current CPS providers to support care needs
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 11/25/2022 1633)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Coordinate between medical team & CPS providers:
 Engage current CPS providers in care planning and establishing safe plans for transition home
 Collaborate with CPS providers to determine if any visitor restrictions should be enforced





Progress: LSW received a signout from the OSH social worker who shared that the assigned CYS social worker is Heather Josey (610-724-6511). LSW attempted to speak with Heather Josey but she was not in the office today. LSW spoke with Montgomery County Office of Children and Youth and asked that the covering CYS worker call back with information on the safety plan in place.


LSW met with the patient's parents at the bedside to introduce NICU social worker. The patient's mother was appropriately tearful at the bedside and shared that it is difficult for her to see her son like this. LSW provided emotional support and validated the patient's parents experience. The patient's parents shared that CYS has a safety plan in place and that the patient's mother needs to be supervised while with Hunter. It is the parents understanding that the patient's father cannot provide the supervision. Both parents left the bedside after speaking with LSW.


LSW spoke with covering CYS supervisor, Andrew Hornak (610-716-0044), who stated that the patient's mother can visit the patient while he is hospitalized as long as she is appropriate at the bedside. Supervision does not need to be provided.  LSW is to follow up with assigned CYS case worker on Monday to determine the plan moving forward. The patient is to be discharged to the father. 


LSW spoke with the patient's parents on the phone to inform them that the patient's mother can visit Hunter. Both parents expressed their appreciation of LSW support. 


Plan: LSW will speak with the assigned CYS case manager on Monday. 




Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
11/25/2022	4:33 PM
