 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Diana Ernst
CHOP MRN#: 56900289
DOB:  11/7/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  11/29/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  5:21 PM


Problems: 
Finances and Insurance
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 


Progress: 


SW has been meeting with the family or in communication by phone throughout hospitalization. Family continues to visit daily and are engaged with pt's ongoing care. SW has primarily met with mother at bedside while father is caring for pt's siblings, who have also visited bedside. SW able to meet with mother today separately then both parents together. SW provided supportive counseling and discussed additional community resources. 


SW assessed ongoing coping and adjustment. Mother reports understandably increased anxiety around pt's condition. Mother reported feeling well-updated by medical teams and has been taking notes. Parents were both excited to hold the baby today. SW encouraged parents to continue to engage in cares and hold as much as possible in collaboration with nursing. Both parents appropriately reflected on how difficult it has been to not be able to hold and to adjust to various ups and downs in CICU. 


Family continues to stay at local RMH-Chestnut St. Mother reports that both parents and siblings are at RMH at this time, or family sometimes has a hotel or Airbnb for when extended family members have travelled in for support. 


SW to check if active on insurance. Family is interested in applying for MA in their home state of TN. Mother contacted SSI and scheduled an appointment for 12/1, SW provided anticipatory guidance around application process and will continue to assist as needed.
Addendum- patient is active on Cigna insurance Member ID: U5088298307 Group: 3327595 


SW discussed applying for two programs for financial support, Project Sweet Peas Food & Fuel Assistance and MBA Opens Doors mortgage assistance, and provided further information by email.  


Plan: SW will continue to follow and provide support. SW will continue to collaborate with spiritual care, psychology/behavioral health, and child life. SW will continue to be available to the family and medical team. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
11/29/2022	5:21 PM














