Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Ahuva Blonder 
Date of Birth:  4/30/2022 
MRN:  56858797


Progress: SW met with Dad at the bedside this morning. 


Dad inquired about updates with SW's referral to Lily's List. SW discussed that SW has not heard from them and agreed to reach out. SW spoke with Taylor, the founder of Lily's List afterwards (785-230-9863) who relayed that they have been having issues with the application on the website and they never received the referral. SW completed the application over the phone with Taylor. The family was approved to receive one of their boxes and it will be shipped directly to the home. Dad confirmed he received the confirmation email from the organization.


Dad also inquired about additional financial assistance through Fred's Footsteps due to significant ongoing financial strain from this admission. Dad expressed that the family has been spending their already limited funds on things for Ahuva to come home. Dad shared that he called Diane from Fred's Footsteps this morning and she advised that Dad connect with SW to contact her directly and reapply. SW and Dad discussed requesting additional mortgage assistance. 


SW called Diane from Fred's and she confirmed that the family can reapply for assistance. SW briefly explained the financial strain and the plans for discharge next week. Diane is off today, but agreed to email SW the link to apply for additional funding when she gets into the office tomorrow. 


SW updated Dad. 


Dad requested an update on the Handicap placard form, which SW provided an update on.


Dad expressed how excited he is to finally take Ahuva home and how happy her siblings will be to have her home. SW and Dad discussed how this admission has been for the family and discharge planning. Dad denied any concerns with discharge planning at this time.


Plan: SW will apply for additional FF funding on behalf of the family. SW will provide the family with completed handicap placard form once a script is completed. SW will continue to follow.


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


12/1/2022            5:25 PM


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 12/1/2022 1724)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Household finances:
 Refer patient/family/caregiver to appropriate community-based resources, etc.
 Assess patient/family/caregiver financial resources (income, benefits, resources, etc.)



