SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  Social worker met with mother and maternal grandmother at bedside in the NICU. Mother shared some of the financial resource strain the family has experienced related to the costs of parking, tolls, gas and cafeteria meal expenses. Social worker offered parking passes to offset the cost of parking for the family's two vehicles as mother visits daily and grandmother visits multiple days per week. Social worker provided information about the Colette Louise Tisdahl Foundation and the Opens Doors Foundation for financial assistance. Emailed application links to mother and completed the social worker portions of both applications. Also emailed mother a link to Project Sweet Peas. Submitted an application to Harp's Hope to offset the cost of gas expenses. Mother plans to call Social Security to provide an update that Camari has been transferred to CHOP as application has not been approved. Provided mother with the Cherry Hill local Social Security Office phone number. Family identified no other immediate social work needs at this time. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
12/6/2022	3:12 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Girl Inez Wiggins
Patient MRN: 56907574
Patient DOB: 10/19/2022


Today's Date: 12/6/2022
Admission Date: 11/3/2022




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Parking Passes (#'s): 5.




Additional comments:  






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 12/6/2022	3:12 PM 




