SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have access to needed local accommodations
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate insurance coverage to obtain necessary medical care
Outcome: Ongoing











Progress:  SW met with patient's mother yesterday 12/6/2022 in SW office. Mom talked about her current stressors. SW validated mom's feelings and helped mom process her feelings. Mom had questions and concerns regarding patient's medical insurance. Mom reports patient is currently active on NJ medicaid and SW discussed switching Medicaid to a different state if family moves in the future. Mom then talked with SW about her concerns for housing once patient is discharged. Mom stated that going to her mother's home was not an option. Mom reported that going to patient's father's home might be an option but she is not completely sure. SW encouraged mom to talk with patient's father to see if that is an option cause if it is not, then mom might have to begin the process again of putting in a referral for a homeless shelter. Mom then asked SW if she goes into a shelter, can patient be discharged to her. SW stated that she was not able to answer that question at this time as patient is not ready for discharge and we are unsure of what patient's needs will be at time of discharge. Mom then brought up her concerns about DHS being called on her. SW explained to mom that she is a mandated reporter and is legally obligated to make a report if there is suspicion of child abuse or neglect. SW stated that in this moment, she has no reason to call and make a report. SW again encouraged mom to talk with patient's father about staying with him at time of discharge that way we can move on to other options if staying with him is not possible. 


SW met with mom this morning to talk about RMH. Mom is currently staying at the Philly RMH but SW inquired if staying at the NJ RMH would be easier for her. Mom previously reported that she has to take care of things in NJ but it is hard as she has no transportation and being at the Philly RMH has made that a challenge. Mom was hesitant about switching to another RMH and would let SW know if she were to change her mind. Mom also reported that she spoke with patient's father who stated that she could stay with him but mom did not seem too confident in that plan. SW told mom to think it over, and if we have to begin the 211 process again in NJ, SW will help guide her as best as she can.




Plan: SW will follow up with mom in the coming days and continue to provide support. 




Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Heather K Ousley, MSS, MS	
12/7/2022	9:49 AM
