SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 12/8/2022 1551)
Adjustment - Intervention - diagnosis: Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to address patient/family/caregiver questions and concerns through bedside rounding, team-family meetings, etc.)



Progress:  Patient mother and father participated in a trach talk with the following participants:
CLD CM, CLD continuity nurse, CLD attending Dr. Laura Sillers, PA CLD Fellow, ENT Airway NP, and LSW 




CLD attending Dr. Laura Sillers provided medical update to patient parents. CLD team will be assessing Hamid`s neck area specifically his edema around the neck with the help of the lymphatics team prior to tracheostomy surgery. Patient parents reassured that CLD attending would only recommend a trach if they thought this would be the correct next steps. Patient father placed specific interest on team being absolute in their decision to recommend trach after exploring all other options.


Timeline for surgery was discussed and it may take several more weeks of planning per CLD attending.


Pateint father expressed emotional moment when he was recently able to see Hamid open his eyes-this emotional reaction was previously processed with LSW through therapeutic supportive counseling at the bedside. Patient parents expressed delight with being able to see Hamid`s eyes due to reduced edema in his face area. LSW continues to support patient parents therapeutically.


Patient parents asked thoughtful questions to CLD team.


ENT airway NP provided the trach talk for parents and parents asked thoughtful questions throughout. Patient parents provided with tracheostomy information packet and made aware of individual staff, including ENT airway team who are available for any additional questions prior to surgery consent being given. 


CLD CM reviewed how she supports patient and patient family with discharge planning related to trach and in-home nursing. CM provided pateint parents with her contact card a well.


Patient family thanked ENT and CLD team members for the meeting.


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Boy Keyerra Bowden
Patient MRN: 56831425
Patient DOB: 4/15/2022


Today's Date: 12/8/2022
Admission Date: 7/31/2022




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Parking Passes (#'s): 1.




Additional comments:  
LSW assessed for patient and patient family concrete resource need and provided appropriately.




Plan: 
LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 


Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
12/8/2022	3:52 PM
