SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE










Progress:  SW met with patient's mother and father at beside. Several of patient's siblings present upon SW's arrival. SW introduced herself and discussed SW role. SW offered support regarding patient's admission. Mother and father declined any questions or concerns at this time. SW provided her contact information and encouraged family to reach out should any questions or needs arise. 


As SW was leaving, father asked if family could have additional vouchers. SW confirmed and discussed need to check the chart and would get back to family. Family has already been allocated 20+ meal vouchers during this admission and family lives within 5 miles of the hospital. 
SW met with family. SW provided one meal voucher and discussed family already being allocated over 20 meal vouchers this admission. SW apologetic and discussed SW concrete resource policy and discussed need for family to make other arrangements as meal vouchers are not a long term solution. Patient's father seemed frustrated and SW was apologetic and asked if family has any financial concerns regarding rental/untility bills. Mother declined. SW confirmed and discussed wish to support family. SW encouraged family to reach out to SW should any concerns arise during patient admission. Mother confirmed understanding.


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 







Patient Name: Abdul-Waliyy Johnson
Patient MRN: 56408070
Patient DOB: 6/16/2019


Today's Date: 12/16/2022
Admission Date: 12/3/2022




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is NOT eligible for concrete resources at this time.




Additional comments:  Family lives with in 5 miles of hospital and has already received 20+ vouchers during this admission. Two parents at bedside. Parents are able to leave bedside as needed at this time. Family declined any other financial concerns at this time.




Plan: SW will continue to follow and reassess needs throughout admission to 9 South. Social Work supports will be offered as appropriate throughout hospitalization.






Time Spent: 30 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed by:




Katy Kucharski  LSW
9 South Social Worker 
(215)422-2718


12/16/2022  10:25 AM


