SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 12/16/2022 1717)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
 Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors
 Refer to Child Life, Creative Arts and Music Therapies, Spiritual Care and BHIP when appropriate





Progress:  LSW supported patient mother during coding event-Azuri clamped down while moving her bowels. 


LSW practiced trauma-informed care by gaining consent from patient mother to be held as patient mother expressed heightened emotions. LSW encouraged patient mother to take deep breaths, mother was offered to step away from bedside and offered to sit. LSW directed patient mother to medical monitor indicating Azuri`s heart rate becoming stable-all interventions were in support of and appreciated by patient mother during code.


Patient mother also supported by team FLC and other CLD team members during event as they explained medical interventions utilized to support Azuri.


LSW provided therapeutic supportive counseling to patient mother after coding event and continued to circle back to Azuri`s room throughout the day to support patient mother and father.


Patient mother thanked LSW and would like to speak at the bedside Monday as patient father will also be available in person.




Plan: 
LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 


Time Spent: 180 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
12/16/2022	5:17 PM
