SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



Progress:  The following team members met with dad for family meeting:
Lindsey Kunkel, SW
Heather Burris, Attending
Lauren Beslow, Neurology Attending
Nina Fainburg, Neurology Fellow
Megan Diguiseppe, FLC
Theresa O'Connor, RN


Dad was unable to include mom by phone due to mom not only being in the ER overnight but being readmitted right before family meeting due to mom's insulin levels and responsiveness.  Dad noted she would likely need treatment over the next coming days but wanted to proceed with meeting to process information for the both of them.  Neurology processed new bleed that has caused brain injury that will likely have developmental implications for baby's future.  To what degree is unknown, but discussed area of brain affecting thinking, learning, focus, and language primarily.  Discussed need for MRI when baby is more stable to get a better image and better assessment of overall injury and developmental prognosis.  Team discussed that with such potential difficult developmental information, some families might want to redirect care which team would support however continuing full interventions which baby continues to improve from.  Discussed many positive outcomes with multiple organ function;  kidneys, liver, lungs, heart, acidosis and bleeding improvements.  However platelets continues to be an issue and medical team also tested baby for Mitochondrial disease.  Discussed potential factors and dad noted he was getting his blood drawn today as well.  Dad asked appropriate questions and thoroughly appreciated transparency and overall care of baby.  SW processed with dad post meeting to encourage self care and rest under both baby and mom's current condition/ information/ and hospitalizations.  Dad appreciated support.


Plan: SW will continue to provide support during hospitalization.


Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Lindsey K Kunkel, LCSW	
12/16/2022	4:57 PM
