SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 12/19/2022 1541)
Adjustment - Intervention - diagnosis:
• Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
• Provide active listening to support patient/family/caregiver in voicing understanding of and disagreement with diagnosis/prognosis as well as questions and concerns
• Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to address patient/family/caregiver questions and concerns through bedside rounding, team-family meetings, etc.)
• Identify need for Patient-Family Education with multidisciplinary team members
• Encourage and assist in the development of effective coping strategies by patient/family/caregiver




Progress:  A family meeting was held with NICU Attending Jason Stoller MD, FLC Jacqueline Chandler PA-C, Case Manager Stephanie Hill Sandoval, Mary Schmitt CRNP from ENT, LSW, Roman's mother and grandmother. 


Dr. Stoller explained to the family that Roman's airway still needs time to grow and that he will need a tracheostomy. The Attending explained the benefits of Roman having a tracheostomy, highlighting the importance of establishing a safe airway and progress in meeting developmental milestones. Roman's mother verbalized her understanding and shared her agreement with Roman getting a tracheostomy.  Dr. Stoller provided an overall medical update for the patient's family. 


Mary Schmitt CRNP explained the tracheostomy surgery and postoperative care to the patient's family. Two caregivers will need to be fully trained on trach care prior to the patient being discharged. The family was made aware that it is possible for Roman to be transferred to a facility to finish the training if more time is needed. The patient's mother asked appropriate questions about trach care and expectations. The patient's mother and grandmother identified several areas of support that they have to care for Roman at home. 


Patient's mother completed the Medical Consent Authorization form to give Roman's grandmother permission to provide consent when she is not reachable. The form was uploaded to the patient's chart and is in the consent's tab.


Plan: LSW will continue to assess needs and provide support.




Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
12/19/2022	3:43 PM
