Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaseen K Algarhy 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2008 
MRN:  55118447


Progress: Earlier this morning, 8C Unit received a call from Denise Bateson, who shared that she is Yaseen's school nurse and requested information on his discharge timeline and medical needs. SW spoke with the school nurse over the phone who clarified that she will be Yaseen's 1:1 nurse with him throughout the school day. School nurse relayed that she has an ROI from Mom that she can send SW that allows her to receive information from CHOP. SW provided SW email to send ROI to and discussed that SW will confirm with Mom what she would like shared.


SW called Mom with an Arabic Interpreter. 


SW provided a supportive check in. Mom shared that she is doing well at this time and does not have any acute SW needs at this time. 


SW invited Mom to participate in Snowflake Station. Mom was very excited about this opportunity. SW emailed Mom the link, flyer, and directions on how to order gifts. SW encouraged Mom to reach out if she has any questions or concerns as she is ordering gifts. 


SW discussed that the SW received a call earlier from the nurse who will be Yaseen's 1:1 school nurse throughout the school day (Denise Bateson, dbateson@mciu.org). SW relayed that Ms. Bateson requested information on Yaseen's medical needs and discharge timeline, so she can prepare for her start date and the care he will need. SW offered to set up a virtual meeting with the school, CHOP team, and Mom to discuss Yaseen's medical care during the school day. Mom was very agreeable to this, as she would like to be part of communication with the school.


Mom asked SW about night nursing for when Yaseen comes home. SW discussed that SW will have CM reach out to update Mom on this, as SW is unsure what has or has not been staffed. Mom expressed that she would like to have some night nursing covered for discharge. Mom also shared that she plans to call the DME company CM provided her after hanging up with SW to inquire about the mattress.


SW assessed for discharge timeline, as Mom's recovery time will end on 12/29. Mom confirmed that she is ready to have Yaseen home and is agreeable to plan for the week of 1/3 after the New Year. SW shared that CCRN and MD will be calling Mom to discuss further. Mom shared several concerns and worries about recent communication about Yaseen's status with his self injurious behavior, that he is crying when put in his stroller and his worsening contractions. Mom expressed that she is worried that something underlying is wrong and Yaseen's self injurious behavior is telling us that something is bothering him or causing him discomfort. SW offered to relay these concerns to the team. 


SW asked if Mom would like to restart the process of getting a stair lift and ramp for the family home. Mom expressed that she would like to wait another 2 or so weeks prior to starting this process. SW in agreement. 


Addendum 5pm: SW spoke with Mom over the phone and assisted her in troubleshooting questions with Snowflake Station. SW consulted CLS who also helped. 


Mom became tearful and shared how worried she is that Yaseen is having a hard time and she is not there with him. Mom expressed that she is going to talk to her doctor and ask if she can come see Yaseen on Friday. SW provided reflective listening and support as Mom shared about how hard it is to be home during this time. SW discussed setting up a video call tomorrow. SW also discussed that if Mom would like to send SW any pictures or videos of Mom, Oreo, and her family, SW will play them for Yaseen and have pictures in his room. Mom expressed gratitude and agreed to send SW some videos. 


Plan:  SW will follow up with Mom and the school nurse regarding setting up a Teams meeting to discuss Yaseen's medical needs in school. SW to follow up with Mom in a few weeks regarding the stair lift/ramp. If Yaseen is discharged prior, SW to send Mom home with a completed LOMN for it and contact information for how to start the process when she is ready. If Yaseen is following up at CHOP, SW to sign out to OP SW. SW to follow up with Mom tomorrow regarding her concerns for Yaseen's current self injurious behavior. 


Time Spent: 150 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


12/21/2022            12:07 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will transition to safe/accessible home environment supportive of patient health needs
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have an education plan in place prior to discharge
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



