Report of Suspected Child Abuse and Neglect 




PATIENT: Mu Mu One Hundred And Fifty-Four
MRN#: 56934536
Birthdate: 1/1/2009
TODAY'S DATE: 12/22/2022
TODAY'S TIME: 4:48 AM


Type of Suspected Abuse or Neglect:
Other (poisoning, factitious illness, etc.): Negligence 


Reporting Information:
Child Welfare Portal Confirmation Number (For PA electronic reporting): 000007722942
Time/Date Report was made: 12/22/22 at 4:45am 
Report Filed by: Carissa Fleming 




Family Composition (include children's name(s)/age(s) and names and address(es) of parents/caregivers responsible for child's welfare):
Relationship: Name/Age: Address: 
Mother  Danielle Scherzberg 807 Rising Sun Rd Telford PA 18969 
Father James Sturdik 807 Rising Sun Rd Telford PA 18969 
Maternal Grandmother Beverly Scherzberg 807 Rising Sun Rd Telford PA 18969 
Maternal Grandfather Kurt Scherzberg  807 Rising Sun Rd Telford PA 18969 




Location of suspected abuse (include address if known): 
807 Rising Sun Rd Telford PA 18969




Detail the suspected child abuse or neglect to the child:
One week ago the principal from patient's school contacted mom to inform her that patient made a tik tok saying that he wanted to kill himself. Mom called the Montgomery County suicide hotline and mobile crisis came out to meet with patient at school and gave him a paper to sign up telehealth therapy. Mom reports that she planned to take patient to Grandview to be assessed but patient did not want go. Mom states she then scheduled patient for a primary care appointment for January 6th. Mom reports that she never got around to scheduling the telehealth therapy. Mom informed LSW that when she asked patient what was triggering his feelings, he reports that he liked a girl at school, who also like him but then all of a sudden stopped liking him. Mom reports that when asked patient reported that he was going to shoot himself in the head with a pellet gun but was afraid not of dying but of something going wrong and having to live in a vegetative state. Mom also reports that over the last two years she has seen a decline in patient's behavior from isolating himself to his grades declining. Mom then reports that on 12/21 patient requested to stay home for a mental health day and she permitted him to. She reports that he was home with his grandparents until they needed to go to a medical appointment. Mom states that she and dad were both at work. Mom reports that she after received a call from her father telling her to return to the home as fast as possible that patient shot himself. Mom reports that patient shot himself with a pellet gun and that her father owns real guns but they are kept locked up. LSW called Franconia Township police and spoke with Corporal Ed Hall who reports that when officers arrived at the home the patient was alert and stated he was trying to kill himself. Corporal Hall reports that patient used a .22 caliber revolver with one round in it to shoot himself and that a large vault with firearms was found in the basement unlocked. 










Detail any history or prior knowledge, if any, of child abuse or neglect to the child: None




Details of additional actions taken: 
Medical tests and x-rays of child subject to report
Child admitted to the hospital




Collateral Contacts and Referrals
County Child Protective Services Office:




Summary and Plan:Patient was admitted to the hospital.Childline report filed. 






12/22/2022 4:48 AM





