					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Mu Mu One Hundred And Fifty-Four
CHOP MRN#: 56934536
DOB:  1/1/2009


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 12/22/22  
Admission/Appointment Date 12/22/22 
Referral Date 12/22/22 
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Crisis Intervention 
Patient Location: ICU 
Primary Service: Trauma 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 12/22/22  
Patient living situation: PARENT(S) 
Parent Information: Danielle Scherzberg and James Sturdik 
School Status GRADE 
Grade Comment: 7th grade 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 12/22/22  
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 12/22/22  
Mental Health YES 
Mental Health Comment: Concerns for this patients mental health were expressed one week ago by the school after patient made a tik tok stating he wanted to kill himself. 
Home Environment: NO 
CPS Involvement YES 
CPS involvment comment: Mom denies a history of CYS involvement. LSW informed mom a child line report will be filed tonight. 
Housing instability NO 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues NO 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 12/22/22  
Resource Needs Problem: SAFE/ACCESSIBLE HOME ENVIRONMENT 









One week ago the principal from patient's school contacted mom to inform her that patient made a tik tok saying that he wanted to kill himself. Mom called the Montgomery County suicide hotline and mobile crisis came out to meet with patient at school and gave him a paper to sign up telehealth therapy. Mom reports that she planned to take patient to Grandview to be assessed but patient did not want go. Mom states she then scheduled patient for a primary care appointment for January 6th. Mom reports that she never got around to scheduling the telehealth therapy. Mom informed LSW that when she asked patient what was triggering his feelings, he reports that he liked a girl at school, who also like him but then all of a sudden stopped liking him. Mom reports that when asked patient reported that he was going to shoot himself in the head with a pellet gun but was afraid not of dying but of something going wrong and having to live in a vegetative state. Mom also reports that over the last two years she has seen a decline in patient's behavior from isolating himself to his grades declining. Mom then reports that on 12/21 patient requested to stay home for a mental health day and she permitted him to. She reports that he was home with his grandparents until they needed to go to a medical appointment. Mom states that she and dad were both at work. Mom reports that she after received a call from her father telling her to return to the home as fast as possible that patient shot himself. Mom reports that patient shot himself with a pellet gun and that her father owns real guns but they are kept locked up. LSW called Franconia Township police and spoke with Corporal Ed Hall who reports that when officers arrived at the home the patient was alert and stated he was trying to kill himself. Corporal Hall reports that patient used a .22 caliber revolver with one round in it to shoot himself and that a large vault with firearms was found in the basement unlocked. 







Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 12/22/22  
Professional Collaboration SOCIAL WORK;FRONT LINE CLINICIAN 
Time Spent (min) 90 min 
Acuity  Level 3 












Carissa Fleming
4:47 AM
12/22/2022
