 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: Mu Mu One Hundred And Fifty-Four
CHOP MRN#: 56934536
DOB:  1/1/2009
TODAY'S DATE:  12/22/2022
TODAY'S TIME: 1:34 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  


Additional Comments: 
Patient Name:  Ashton Scherzberg
DOB:  10/6/2009
MRN: 55235624
Mother:  Danielle Scherzberg (267-718-1046) provides all consents for treatment and discharge.


Epic medical record reviewed; Trauma morning report discussion with ongoing collaboration with Trauma NP.
Ashton is admitted status post self-inflicted gun shot wound with recent suicidal ideation.


SW outreach to Montgomery County Office of Children and Youth to provide name and contact information for assigned investigative caseworker and supervisor.  
SW received call from Montgomery County CYS Investigative Caseworker:  Adriana Baxter  (610-420-8601) to be informed she is at CHOP and unable to access.  SW provided information desk staff with patient admitted name and approved CYS entry.


SW met with Ms. Baxter on 7 South unit for introduction.  Upon mother's return to bedside, SW introduced self and role during hospitalization.  SW explained CYS presence and plan to meet with mother in private space; SW escorted to 7 South family lounge.


Per CYS request, SW provided Ms. Baxter with Trauma Physician H&P documentation, and Critical Care H&P documentation.


SW and Trauma NP met with mother at bedside this afternoon for re-introduction, explanation of supportive role during hospitalization, role with CYS investigation during hospitalization, and to clarify information.  Stepfather and patient are both  resting at this time.


Mother states that birth father in uninvolved; mother denies any court custody documentation at this time.  
Household members include mother, MGF, MGM and Ashton.  Stepfather, James Sturdik, has his own living environment however is frequently in their home also.


Mother states that Ashton has United Healthcare Community insurance.


SW reviewed and provided mother with Trauma Patient/Family Handbook.  
SW encouraging  Mother to practice self care during hospitalization and post acute care recovery.  Mother has no expressed needs or barriers to self care at this time.


SW providing emotional support during all interventions today via compassionate and understanding presence, attentive listening, and mindful feedback.


SW will continue to follow for ongoing emotional support and needs' assessment during hospitalization.


Time Spent: 150 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW	
12/22/2022	1:34 PM
























