 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Tiesha Reddy
CHOP MRN#: 56917884
DOB:  11/11/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  12/23/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  12:21 PM


Problems: 
Discharge Planning
Custody/Consent


Progress:
A discharge planning meet occurred to discuss the plan. 


In attendance: 
Attending (Tami Stuart), FLC (Nicholas Santaniello), Discharge Nurse (Mary Kay Khalid), Case Manager (Angelita Bagay), SW Sr Manger (Megan Bowers), DHS Casework (Kelli Seibert), DHS Supervisor (Jullian Johnston), DHS Nursing (Alita Thompson), patient's mom (Tiesha Reddy), maternal grandmom (Tamika Reddy), and maternal aunt (Laitfah Reddy). CUA worker (Lisa Crump) was invited but did not attend.


CHOP's medical team, DHS, and patient's family held this meeting to be on the same page for patient's discharge plan. It had been confusion on what was needed in regards to DHS requirements in order for the patient to be discharge. DHS had been under the impression by their DHS nursing consult that the patient required at home nursing before discharge. DHS nursing clarified that nursing was not required and that aunt was offered this service but denied it. CHOP's medical team also supported that at home nursing was not required but was offered for support for patient.  


DHS nursing then had concerns of aunt's work schedule and wanted to see who would be of support for her after she gets off of work since maternal grandmother was the identified support person by DHS that will assist during the day. DHS shared that if there was no additional supports identified, then home nursing would have to be set up as aunt will need assistance for the patient's feeds at night. Case Management shared the timeline on requesting nursing and reminded the team that it could take up to 2 weeks or more to process and get staffed.
Case Management will begin the request, but in the interim, family and DHS will work together to identify and clear a 3rd caregiver who will be able to assist with the patient during the time aunt gets off of work and has to sleep.


It had also been brought to everyone's attention during the meeting that DHS has not obtained clearances for maternal grandmother. DHS plans to work with grandmom to obtain clearances. At this time, maternal aunt, Latifah Reddy, is the only one officially cleared as a caregiver.



Patient is medically clear to go on CHOP's end and is just waiting for DHS to confirm their requirements for discharge. Once the additional caregiver is cleared and idenfitied by DHS, this information will be shared with SW and the medical team so that the caregiver can complete their training and the 12 or 24 hour stay, in order for the patient to be safely discharge.  





Plan:
SW will follow up with DHS to obtain information on maternal grandmother's clearances and 3rd idenfitied caregiver.
SW will continue to provide support to patient and family. 


Time Spent: 90 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Aisha Evans	
12/23/2022	12:21 PM














