 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Tiesha Reddy
CHOP MRN#: 56917884
DOB:  11/11/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  12/27/2022
TODAY'S TIME:  9:49 AM


Problems: 
Custody/consent 


Progress: 
SW called DHS worker Kelli Seibert at 9:46am to inquire about clearance for grandmom and to see if the 3rd caregiver was identified. Kelli did not answer at the time of call and SW could not leave a message due to phone not having a voicemail set up.
SW then called DHS Supervisor Kelli Johnston and she did not answer and her voicemail has not been set up.


Update:
Kelli returned SW call at 9:55am and informed SW that maternal grandmother clearances did not clear so she can no longer be the identified caregiver during the day. DHS is now working on 2 additional family supports to assist aunt in taking care of the patient. DHS is exploring the additional maternal aunt that had been identified by the family during the discharge planning meeting on 12/23/22, but they still have to find an additional caregiver for night or day, due to aunt's work schedule. 
Kelli inquired about home nursing and SW informed her that the Case Manager put in the request to 4 different agencies following the meeting on 12/23/2022. SW also reminded Kelli of the timeline with home nursing and how it is not instant. Kelli also inquired about a medical daycare as this could be support and assist aunt during the day and SW inform Case Management of this request.


Kelli plans to follow up with the family to identify another caregiver and keep SW updated on who is idenfitied and cleared in order for those individuals to get trained in patient's care.


Plan:
SW will continue to follow up with DHS and will continue to provide support to patient and family while on the ITCU.


Time Spent: 15 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Aisha Evans	
12/27/2022	9:49 AM














