SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 12/27/2022 1212)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
 Refer to Child Life, Creative Arts and Music Therapies, Spiritual Care and BHIP when appropriate
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors





Progress:  LSW spoke with patient mother via phone to assess patient and patient family needs.


Patient mother received a brief medical update from LSW as per LSW rounding with team mates in the morning. Patient mother had no questions or concerns and understands that Azuri is medically stable. 


Patient mother`s coping assessed and patient mother coping with Azuri`s hospitalization by utilizing hospital supports including LSW for emotional support when needed.Patient parents support one another in healthy ways.


Patient and patient family are support by CLS. LSW and CLS collaborate to support patient and patient family as needed. Patient mother provided LSW with information regarding the snowflake station and LSW provided information to CLS.


Patient mother shared eholiday family photos of Azuri, mother, father, and patient aunt from this past weekend. Azuri continues to have visits from patient mother and father. Azuri is also held by family when they are present.


Patient parents plan to inform LSW of the next visit and LSW will support as needed.


Upon assessing, no immediate social/emotional concerns were indicated prompting LSW to intervene at this time.


Plan: 
LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 


Time Spent: 30 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
12/27/2022	12:20 PM
