 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: Mu Mu One Hundred And Fifty-Four
CHOP MRN#: 56934536
DOB:  1/1/2009
TODAY'S DATE:  12/27/2022
TODAY'S TIME: 3:39 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  


Additional Comments: 


SW received call from Charge RN, whereby mother and patient are yelling at bedside.


SW arrived to bedside and requested discussion away from bedside in private space.  Mother amenable.  


En route to a private space, mother stating that a previous medication used in PICU worked well and she wanted to speak with medical team.  SW text Trauma NP to inform of meeting with mother in teen room on 4 South unit; Trauma NP joined discussion.


Mother sharing that patient's current interactions with her are his baseline behaviors; mother states that MGF has been a support for her, and has historically been able to intervene with youth in a calming manner.  Mother expressing that MGF is unable to come visit; SW encouraging a daily phone call if MGF is able.


Mother expressing that she has very little 'down time'.  Mother identifies listening to music as a method of coping, and further states she has good friends as her support system.  SW encouraging mother to take bedside breaks as needed.  Mother is amenable with use of adult coloring materials at bedside for coping and distraction from any negative comments made by patient; CLS team aware and will provide to mother.  


SW informed mother that yelling at bedside with patient is not tolerated, and encouraging bedside breaks if mother needs in order to maintain behavioral control.  Discussed potential schedule to be created with patient and mother's input with CLS, and encouraged mother allow the medical team to remind patient of schedule once implemented, to avoid any escalations at bedside between patient and mother. 


SW providing emotional support throughout discussion via compassionate presence, attentive listening, validation of expression and mindful feedback.  
Mother presented intermittently tearful during discussion, and presents overwhelmed with events leading to hospitalization, impact on Ashton and family's lives, and with physical and emotional recovery with trauma.  


SW will continue to follow for ongoing emotional support and needs' assessment during hospitalization.


SW collaboration with bedside RN following discussion.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW	
12/27/2022	3:39 PM
























