SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 1/6/2023 1358)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
• Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors
• Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies





Progress:  LSW met with patient mother at bedside during morning medical rounds. Patient mother asked thoughtful questions and medical team members answered patient mother`s questions appropriately. Patient father greeted LSW from phone as he participated in medical rounds virtually. 


Patient mother appeared to be reading Azuri a book when the medical team walked up. 


Patient mother and LSW met at the bedside after medical rounds and LSW assessed patient mother`s coping. Patient mother coping in healthy ways and finding new ways to support her mental and emotional wellness while Azuri remains hospitalized. Pateint father support to patient mother.


Patient mother and LSW working on ways to ensure she is incorporating self-care into daily life and LSW to support properly based on emotional need acuity while and once self-care is being addressed appropriately. LSW and Chevelle Thomas, Inpatient Hospitality Coordinater collaborated to support patient and patient family.


LSW later revisited patient and patient mother at bedside to provide concrete resources as needed after assessing.


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Girl-Asia Johnson
Patient MRN: 56893090
Patient DOB: 9/1/2022


Today's Date: 1/6/2023
Admission Date: 12/15/2022




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 2, Parking Passes (#'s): 1, and Other: Harps Hope.
LSW explained how to utilize each of the resources provided to avoid any additional stressors.


Additional comments:  
Concrete resources provided after LSW provided thorough concrete need assessment.







Plan: LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 




Time Spent: 30 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
1/6/2023	1:59 PM
