					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Demarcus Hayes
CHOP MRN#: 56917815
DOB:  6/23/2022


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 01/09/23 12:03 
Admission/Appointment Date 11/11/22 
Referral Date 01/09/23 
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: Inpatient 
Primary Service: Complex Care: Yellow 
Consulting Service: Metabolism;General Surgery;Genetics;SCAN;Neurology 
Assessment Type Reassessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 01/09/23 12:03 
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);CHILDREN IN THE HOME 
Parent Information: Pt lives with Mom and Dad in Newark, NJ. Mom works at Newark Airport. Dad does not currently work. 
Children in the home Information: Pt has 2 siblings (1yo and 7yo). 
School Status OTHER 
Other School Status Comment: Pt is not school-aged. 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 01/09/23 12:03 
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Mom and Dad. 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 01/09/23 12:03 
Mental Health YES 
Mental Health Comment: Mom working through coping with Demarcus' diagnosis and accident. 
Mental Health Not Assessed Comment:  
Home Environment: NO 
CPS Involvement NO 
CPS involvment not assessed comment:  
Housing instability NO 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues NO 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PARENT 
Parent Strengths Mom has a strong understanding of Demarcus and his care, Mom is open to support, Mom communicates her questions and concerns well, Mom displays being extremely dedicated to Demarcus, Mom displays being a strong advocate for Demarcus. 
Parent Stressors Demarcus' accident, his new medical needs and baseline and what the future will hold, being away from her kids, limited local support. 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: REHABILITATION SERVICES;TRANSPORTATION;PUBLIC ASSISTANCE/SSI 
Rehabilitation services comment: CC Gold Team considering referral to Children's Specialized in NJ. 
Transportation comment: Family has a car. Car is currently broken down. 
Public assistance/SSI comment: Mom receives SNAP benefits- she currently receives $98/month, but reached out this month to add her children to her account, so is hopeful she will receive more. Mom briefly discussed applying for SSI for pt. Mom is currently getting Unemployment benefits ($200/month) due to being on job furlough. 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 01/09/23 12:03 
Resource Needs Problem: HOUSING;HOUSEHOLD FINANCES;ACCESS TO FOOD;EMPLOYMENT/INCOME 
Goal - Household Finances Family will have support with household finances during this admission. 
Intervention/Plan - Household Finances SW discussed applying for rental assistance with Mom. 
Goal - Housing Family will have access to Philadephia resources to potentially relocate here through PHA. 
Intervention/Plan- Housing SW will research local resources and applying for public housing in Philadelphia. 
Goal - Access to food Family will have access to food during this admission. 
Intervention/Plan - Access to food SW will continue to approve meal vouchers through the SWEF. 
Goal - Employment/income Mom will have needed documentation to return to work upon discharge. 
Intervention/Plan - Employment/income Mom will need a letter documenting this admission and discharge paperwork to provide to employer to return to work- SW will ensure this is provided. 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 01/09/23 12:03 
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO ILLNESS/DISABILITY 
Goal - Adjustment to illness/disability Mom will have access to resources and supports to support her with adjusting to Demarcus' new needs. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to illness/disability SW will provide support throughout this admission and research outpatient resources and supports. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 11/11/22 12:13 
Relationships/Behavior Problems NONE IDENTIFIED 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 01/09/23 12:03 
Professional Collaboration NURSING;PARENT/CAREGIVER;SOCIAL WORK 
Time Spent (min) 60 min 
Acuity  Level 3 




SW received sign out from PICU SW who followed the family in the PICU. 


SW visited the bedside and introduced self and SW support on Complex Care Gold. Mom was receptive to SW visit. SW completed updated SW assessment. 


Mom shared that she is interested in moving to Philadelphia and would like support with applying for Public Housing here. SW offered to look into resources to assist Mom with getting connected to Public Housing. 


Mom shared that she is remaining at the bedside 24/7, which has been challenging to be away from her other children, but she does not want to leave Demarcus. SW discussed local accommodations, which Mom shared she prefers to stay here with Demarcus. Mom shared that the family car is currently broken down, which has made it challenging for Mom and/or Dad to travel back and forth. 


Mom became tearful as she shared that MGM encouraged Mom to ask SW about applying for SSI for Demarcus. Mom expressed that she is still working on coming to terms with the fact that Demarcus will have a disability. SW assured Mom that applying for SSI is not urgent, and she does not have to start this process if she does not feel ready. Mom asked about the application process and feeling overwhelmed about how to complete forms about his disability, which SW briefly discussed the first step would be calling SSI to request a telephone interview. SW and Mom agreed to hold off on SSI at this time. SW discussed applying for foundation financial assistance to help with financial stressors instead. Mom again became tearful and shared about the family's financial struggles, especially with rent over the past few months Demarcus has been admitted. 


SW and Mom completed the J Foundation application. SW will submit once Mom obtains a copy of their lease from Dad. 


SW encouraged Mom to give herself grace and time in adjusting to Demarcus's new needs. Mom in agreement and shared continuously throughout our visit that she wants Demarcus to be okay, to be able to take him home, and to be there for him. 




Plan: SW to look into housing resources and support resources for the family. SW will submit J Foundation application once lease is obtained. SW will continue to follow.




Emily Baumley
Social Worker
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
Dial: 67273 





Emily K Baumley
3:21 PM
1/9/2023
