SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 1/9/2023 1505)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
 Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors
 Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling



Progress:  LSW spoke with patient mother via phone regarding her and patient father`s recent visit with Jameson. Patient mother expressed having a delightful visit with JJ this weekend while considering how this hospital journey has and continues to impact patient mother.


LSW provided therapeutic support to patient mother as she described her coping mechanisms while Jameson remains hospitalized. Patient mother coping appropriately and gains support externally. Patient mother continues to collaborate with PT using Connect Home program. 


Patient mother asks thoughtful questions to nursing and the medical team which promotes a healthy partnership between the parents and providers. Patient mother expressed that communication with the medical team as helpful over the last few days and request continued updates as changes occur with JJ.


Patient mother and father offer important observations gained from being at the bedside with JJ and will continue to share with the medical team to support partnership.


The following point were shared by patient parents and will be discussed during CLD rounds:
-Jameson`s stooling habits and if this contributes to respiratory needs
-Jameson`s interface changes that may occur in near future
-Parents open to revisiting the conversation about potential transfer to Hershey or York hospital


LSW will communicate this to team mates and continue to support the patient and patient family.


LSW and patient mother working on Opens Doors application.


Plan: LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 




Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
1/9/2023	3:06 PM
