Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Demarcus Hayes 
Date of Birth:  6/23/2022 
MRN:  56917815


Progress: Mom reached out to SW that she will be going home tonight for the first time in 2 months. Mom shared she plans to return tomorrow night. Mom asked if SW could visit Demarcus throughout the day and check in on him since it will be very hard for her to be away from him for the first time in so long. SW agreed to spend time with Demarcus throughout the day tomorrow and offered to send Mom updates during the day to ease her worries about being home. SW provided positive feedback for Mom going home.


SW provided Mom with information about PHA and the Housing Choice Voucher Program. The Housing Choice Voucher Program waitlist lottery will reopen on January 23-February 5th. SW discussed the program and how to apply. Mom appreciative and plans to apply at the end of the month. 


SW spoke with the J Foundation over the phone and they are open to SW referring the family. SW will submit the application once SW receives the lease.


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW will submit J Foundation application once Lease is obtained. SW gathering a list of support organizations for Mom.


Time Spent: 30 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


1/10/2023            1:41 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing
Goal: Patient will have ongoing access to food to support health and wellbeing
Outcome: Ongoing
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have needed supports to maintain employment/income
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing



