SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 1/10/2023 1752)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
 Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
 Refer to Child Life, Creative Arts and Music Therapies, Spiritual Care and BHIP when appropriate





Progress:  LSW communicated with patient mother via phone on 1/09/23 and again in person at Tyus` bedside on 1/10/23.


LSW supported patient and patient mother in some hospital-related stressors identified. Because Tyus` family lives a far distance from CHOP, LSW provided patient mother with recommendations to stay connected to Tyus. Recommendations include enrolling in Connect Home, MyCHOP, and Angel Eye.


LSW sent patient mother Angel Eye contact number as she has experienced issues with getting her account set up.


LSW contacted admissions to resend patient mother the MyCHOP link to enroll and gain access to Tyus` chart. 


LSW sent patient mother Connect Home consents and will keep team mates updated.


LSW identified ways patient mother can promote bonding and development for Tyus which includes reading to patient, applying hair products to patient`s hair, partnering with the bedside nurse during cares, etc. CLS will f/u with patient mother to provide bedside voice whale and other CLS interventions


Upon assessing patient mother`s coping, LSW provided therapeutic support to patient mother as she detailed her pregnancy, birthing, and post partum experiences. Patient mother and LSW also discussed healthy coping mechanisms patient mother utilizes while Tyus remains hospitalized which include accessing Tyus` family and community support system as well as self-care techniques that vary day to day. 


LSW provided NIICU journal to patient mother to utilize as needed.


Patient mother requested to have standing sessions with LSW every Friday at the bedside with the goal of gaining therapeutic support


Patient mother plans to visit Tyus a few times a  week. Patient mother verbalized understanding of how to access the sleep rooms as well medical information for Tyus (bedside nurse and medical team). Mom is understands that she can relay any questions or concerns to LSW as well and LSW will report to medical team mates. 


Patient mother will be in this coming Thursday evening and Friday from 10am -2pm and plans to celebrate Tyus` 6 month milestone.


Patient mother has introduction to yellow folder and patient parents will review. Intro to Yellow meeting to be planned and parents will provide availability.


Plan: LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 




Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
1/10/2023	5:53 PM
