Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaseen K Algarhy 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2008 
MRN:  55118447


Progress: SW participated in the family meeting held this morning to discuss Yaseen's CPAP intolerance. Please see MD Congdon note for details. 


SW met with Mom after the meeting at her request. Mom was tearful as she discussed how challenging this last year has been on her, her family, and her own physical and mental health. Mom shared that she has been feeling symptoms of depression and would like support. Mom reports that her doctor prescribed her Zoloft, but she also would like to talk to a therapist, as well. 


SW and Mom spoke at length about her current stressors and the past year. SW provided reflective listening throughout. 


SW assessed for SI/SH. Mom denied any thoughts of SI/SH and shared that she would tell SW if that changed because of how important her children are to her. 


Mom would prefer to have a therapist who speaks Arabic.


SW provided Magellan Behavioral Health contact information for Montgomery County and encouraged her to start there. SW to also look into BH options in Mom's area, specifically therapists that might speak Arabic.


Mom shared that her primary motivation is her children and she wants to feel better so that she can be the best Mom she can be to her children. 


Mom shared her ongoing concerns with her electric bill. SW to reach out to Fred's Footsteps to see if they are able to help. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW to look into additional BH resources. SW to follow up with Mom on success with Magellan. SW to contact FF for FA. Plan to follow up with Mom regarding the plan for Yaseen's CPAP and disposition next week.


Time Spent: 150 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


1/11/2023            4:19 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will transition to safe/accessible home environment supportive of patient health needs
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



