SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing



Progress:  Social worker met with parents at bedside in the NICU with the assistance of a Spanish video interpreter. Parents are continuing to ask many thoughtful questions about Ingrid's illness and her path to eventual discharge. Updated parents that application was submitted to the Colette Louise Tisdahl Foundation for financial assistance as previously discussed with parents. Provided parents with Septa bus passes for transportation assistance. Parents noted they plan to use Septa bus passes and will not use the Uber gift card from Harp's Hope per their preference. Social worker will follow up to notify Harp's Hope. CHOP Financial Assistance was approved. PA Compass application for PA Medical Assistance insurance for Ingrid is still pending. Social worker will continue to reach out to Family Health Coverage Program representative Cynthia McKie for any updates regarding PA Medical Assistance application. No other immediate social work needs identified. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 30 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
1/12/2023	3:12 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Girl Elvira Lopez
Patient MRN: 56917519
Patient DOB: 11/10/2022


Today's Date: 1/12/2023
Admission Date: 11/11/2022




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Tokens: 10. Septa bus passes provided through the Center for Families. Social Work Emergency Fund RedCap completed. 




Additional comments:  






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 1/12/2023	3:22 PM 




