Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaseen K Algarhy 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2008 
MRN:  55118447


Progress: *Late Note Entry from 1/12*


Mom called SW. Mom shared concerns about Yaseen's "tube" when she was here the other day. Mom reports that the tube was very dirty and smelled like "rotten fish". Mom confirmed that she spoke with the RN that day and they changed the tube and it is now clean. Mom would like this to be monitored more closely moving forward. Mom sent SW pictures of the old tube and the replaced tube to show the medical team. SW discussed this with CCRN. 


SW reviewed Fred's Footsteps and applying for funding. Mom in agreement. 


Mom discussed how she is feeling about Yaseen's disposition plan. Mom shared that she is leaning towards pursuing an alternative setting for Yaseen because she is very worried about being up all night with Yaseen and then having to be up all day. 


Of note, the word "facility" does not translate in the Arabic language. SW texted Mom the word spelled out, as she would like to google it. SW also further explained the difference between CHOP and a facility. Mom expressed understanding and would like to look into facilities in her area. SW discussed that CM will follow up with Mom about facilities in her area. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


1/13/2023            9:36 AM
e
Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: When out-of-home setting is indicated, patient will be discharged/transferred to a care setting that supports care needs
Outcome: Ongoing



