SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 1/13/2023 1809)
Adjustment - Intervention - diagnosis:
• Provide active listening to support patient/family/caregiver in voicing understanding of and disagreement with diagnosis/prognosis as well as questions and concerns
• Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to address patient/family/caregiver questions and concerns through bedside rounding, team-family meetings, etc.)


 *Addendum made on 1/17/23 and 1/18/23 ("when possible" added to bolded words below) *


Progress:  LSW and patient parents communicated via phone earlier in the day and planned a phone conversation at 1PM. LSW and patient parents spoke via phone regarding hospital-related stressors.


LSW provided supportive counseling and partnered with patient parents to create next steps to mitigate the hospital-related stressors. 


Per pateint family request, patient parents will have a family meeting in the coming week to facilitate partnership between patient parents, nursing and the medical team. Patient parents have specific topics they plan to address. LSW to coordinate meeting as she collaborates with Dr. Kate Gibbs in providing parents with her availability.


LSW will provide letters for each parents to send to their employer regarding the meeting.


LSW empowered patient parents to bring up any and all questions/concerns related to Brielle`s care and patient parents thanked LSW.


Patient father visits during the evenings and patient mother visits during the day on weekdays. Both parents are to be communicated with regarding updates. Nurse or medical team members will offer mom to loop patient father in should updates be given and loop patient mother in should patient father be contacted when possible. 




Both parents are highly engaged in Brielle`s care and partners with nursing and the medical team appropriately.


Plan: LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 




Time Spent: 150 minutes
Acuity: Level 4 - Require significant advocacy to meet basic needs 






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
1/13/2023	6:09 PM
