 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Victoria Twin A Alvarado
CHOP MRN#: 56923456
DOB:  10/14/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  1/17/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  2:58 PM


Problems: 
VISA


Progress:
SW met with the inperson interpreter prior to going in patient's room. Interpreter share that she can only relay medical information, in which this meeting was to talk to a legal consult from the Nationalities Service Center (NSC) in regards to parents VISA. Interpreter called her supervisor to confirm and her supervisor encouraged SW to call InterpreTalk as they can translate anything related to legal.


SW met with patient's mom who was present at bedside and utilized IntepreTalk (702836) to explain why there is no longer an inperson interpreter and explained what the goal for today's meeting would be. SW called NSC legal consult line and conferenced the interpreter in. Unfortunately NSC did not answer, but a voice message was left. SW had also lost the connection with the previous interpter and called to get a new interpter (702054) to communicate with mom. SW explained to mom that we will use this time together to continue to call the NSC line. SW also explained the list of private attorneys that were provided by the NSC. Dad also joined and this was explained to dad as well. 


SW called the NSC phone line 11 times. SW then assisted parents with calling the low cost immigration services that were listed on the resource list. Dad was able to leave a message with 3 services. Dad also plans to call again tomorrow to follow up.


Parents provided SW their previous SW from Mount Siani Hospital to assist with following up on their SSI.


Parents expressed appreciation with the help and leads to get assistance with their VISA and shared they will follow up with the resources provided. All resources provided are spanish speaking.
SW encouraged parents to reach out if any additional needs arise.


Plan: 
SW will continue to assist with VISA process.
SW will follow up with previous SW from Mount Siani to obtain additional information on there SSI application.
SW will continue to be assist with patient and family while on the ITCU.


Time Spent: 90 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Aisha Evans	
1/17/2023	2:58 PM














