SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have coordination between medical team and current CPS providers to support care needs
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: When out-of-home setting is indicated, patient will be discharged/transferred to a care setting that supports care needs
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  SW received a phone call from Meredith McGroarty, DHS Case worker who noted she was able to consult with her supervisor and DHS attorney.  Ms. McGroarty provided the following update in discharge plan:


"DHS decided to move forward with committing the baby to the state of PA.  Originally the thought was this process would be lengthy, however, we are now able to facilitate an Interstate Compact or ICPC.  The ICPC worker stated that since the identified family in KY is already a certified foster home and is involved with the ICPC process with patient's sibling, we could transfer the patient to Kentucky within weeks of being committed to the state.  DHS  will be working with the ICPC worker to assure the documents are correct and ready to be sent to Harrisburg almost immediately after the baby is committed.  DHS supervisor plans to go to the hospital to call in the OPC (Order of Protective Custody) which is needed for the temporary commit. A hearing will be scheduled within a couple days to adjudicate the baby and lift the temporary commit and have the baby fully committed to the state. This will then allow our ICPC worker to send in the ICPC paperwork to Harrisburg for review.  We have to wait for the baby to be committed before we can send in the ICPC paperwork. The hope is for the patient to go directly from the hospital to Kentucky.The family in KY will need to identify a medical provider and any other specialists and specialty care she will need prior to the move." 


SW informed Case Management supervisor, SW supervisor and NICU team.  DHS caseworker informed FOB who was also in agreement with above plan.


Plan: SW will work with DHS in providing necessary medical records for ICPC paperwork and provide any additional support needed for a safe discharge.


Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Lindsey K Kunkel, LCSW	
1/24/2023	6:11 PM
