Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaseen K Algarhy 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2008 
MRN:  55118447


Progress: SW participated in a family meeting this afternoon with Mom, Dad, Complex Care Gold, Pulmonary, and PACT to discuss consideration of a tracheostomy for Yaseen. An in person Arabic Interpreter was also present. Please see MD Shapiro's note for details of what was discussed during the meeting. 


SW met with Mom at the bedside after the meeting. We further discussed her concerns with this decision and both options that were presented to her. 


Mom shared that her primary concerns with the tracheostomy are not the actual surgery, but what will happen afterwards and the risk of him pulling it out. SW and Mom talked through these options and her worries. Mom shared about her conversations with the PACT team after the meeting, as well. Mom shared that she is open to talking with any doctor at any time and will come to the hospital whenever we need her to. Mom shared that she prefers to meet in person, rather than over the phone for these discussions.


Mom shared about her immense worry for Yaseen at all times and that lately, she has been having dreams, in which she falls asleep when she is supposed to be monitoring him at night and she doesn't put his BIPAP back on and he dies. SW reflected back how much this has been impacting her. Mom expressed how she has to hold so much more worry for him, since she is the only one who cares for him. Mom shared that she would never want to agree to something that wound up hurting Yaseen.


SW encouraged Mom to write down the thoughts, concerns, and questions she has about Yaseen and to try to leave them on the paper, rather than ruminate on them so much. SW also discussed making a referral to BHIP who can provide caregiver support with helping Mom process these worries and assist with coping support. Mom has shared with SW several times that her blood pressure has been very high from stress. Mom confirmed that she has been monitoring this with her doctor and he also continues to express the importance of her getting support for her stress. Mom was very open to this referral. 


Plan: SW spoke with MD Shapiro about placing a BHIP Consult for caregiver support. SW will remain available 


Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


1/25/2023            4:48 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have an education plan in place prior to discharge
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: When out-of-home setting is indicated, patient will be discharged/transferred to a care setting that supports care needs
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver are supported in their adjustment to patient's change in prognosis/escalation in care needs
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 1/25/2023 1647)
Social Work - Adjustment Intervention - change in prognosis:
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
 Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for change in prognosis/escalation in care needs
 Consult Child Life, Creative Arts and Music Therapy, Spiritual Care and BHIP as appropriate



