 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Boyofmargaret May
CHOP MRN#: 56927088
DOB:  12/3/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  1/26/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  11:35 AM


Problems: 
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 
Custody/consent and Other:  Luzerne County CYS 


Progress: 


SW continues to follow this patient and family. SW met with aunt today along with in-person ASL interpreter. ASL interpreter confirmed tomorrow 1/27 from 1-3pm.


Bio mother (Margaret May) provides consent. 
Bio mother has provided permission for maternal aunt (Joyce Tabino) to be 2nd caregiver at hospital and receive medical information. Aunt is hearing impaired and requires an ASL interpreter, preferably in person or available by video iPad.
If aunt needs to be contacted by phone, can call aunt at number 570-991-6039 which provides video ASL interpretation. 
Aunt received parent badge in NIICU.


Aunt plans to request CICU sleep room until returning home on Sunday 1/29. Aunt then plans to return home temporarily to care for her children and her own health needs, and then return to CHOP from 2/7 until approx 2/10. Family is not eligible for RMH at this time. SW spoke with charge RN to request sleep room priority if possible. Aunt has a car at the hospital for transportation. 


SW assessed psychosocial strengths and stressors with aunt and provided supportive counseling. Aunt shared that she has 4 sons at home ages 15, 18, 22, and 30. Aunt shared that she is interested in spiritual support and a blessing for the baby, SW contacted Chaplain Millicent Wess.


The family will benefit from ongoing education and information on the baby's underlying conditions and next steps in medical plans. Aunt shared that she has received information on CHARGE syndrome and has seen a diagram of the baby's heart, however is unsure of what his long-term prognosis is and what he may require in the future.
FLC met with aunt to provide medical updates and answer questions with assistance of an ASL interpreter. 


Discharge anticipated to be the aunt and CYS custody. SW will outreach to Luzerne County CYS to confirm who new assigned worker is.


Plan: SW will continue to follow.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
1/26/2023	11:35 AM














