 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Jemyra Carter
CHOP MRN#: 56934603
DOB:  12/19/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  1/31/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  10:19 AM


Problems: 
Hospital discharge, Transportation and Other:  Childcare
Other:  CYS involvement/disposition 


Progress: Ongoing


SW discussed patient/family status with Lancaster County CYS Caseworker Olivia Jones (717-606-5206).


SW spoke with Mother at bedside. Mother expressed frustrations about her experience with CYS. SW provided supportive counseling. Mother stated that she wishes to wait until after the next court hearing to proceed with training.


Regardless of outcome, both Mother and MGM plan to participate in care and be trained. 


Mother inquired about eligibility for Ronald McDonald House due to MGM's childcare barriers. SW explained that, generally, families with CYS involvement are not eligible. However, SW contacted RMH to discuss and inquire. RMH leadership to discuss a potential exception and contact SW with decision.


Mother contacted MGM by phone while SW was in the room. MGM indicated that she would begin exploring alternate childcare possibilities. 


Mother confirmed that she plans to return to Vantage House upon discharge and patient will join her there if custody is returned.


SW and Mother discussed options for discharge transport. Patient should be eligible for MATP. Lancaster County MATP is Red Rose Transit Authority (717-291-1243). SW spoke with MATP and confirmed they do transport patient's to/from Philadelphia, but only on Tuesdays/Thursdays. They also require two days' notice. SW provided Mother with paperwork to review and complete. The application for MATP required Access Card information and Mirajh's social security number, which Mother did not have available. She plans to seek this information and fill out remainder of application. 


Mother stated that MGM has patient's car seat and can bring it to the hospital closer to discharge.


Awaiting outcome of Monday 2/6 court hearing to confirm disposition, then team/family will proceed with training and additional discharge planning.


Plan: SW will continue to follow; plan to touch base with Mother tomorrow.


Time Spent: 90 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Stacey Keo, LSW	
1/31/2023	10:19 AM














