Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Demarcus Hayes 
Date of Birth:  6/23/2022 
MRN:  56917815


Progress: SW visited the bedside to check in with Mom about how she is doing and Demarcus's upcoming transition to Children's Specialized. When SW arrived, Mom was asleep at the bedside. SW also to reassess for concrete resources.


Addendum 4:30pm: SW met with Mom at the bedside shortly after Demarcus had a desaturation event. Mom was tearful and upset at the bedside and expressed how scary it was to experience this happen and feel so helpless. Mom expressed worry that Demarcus is going to Rehab on Wednesday with this happening, which SW assured Mom we would not discharge Demarcus until he is medically stable. SW provided reflective listening as Mom spoke about the event. Mom requested to speak with the MD about what happened.


SW reminded Mom that the application for the PHA waitlist lottery closes on 2/3. Mom thankful for the reminder. 


SW assessed for additional concrete resources.


Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 8.
Reason for Disbursement: Unforseen/emergent admission-no available resources


Additional comments:  
SW approved resources through the SWEF due to significant financial strain and Mom remaining at the bedside 24/7. SW will reassess on 2/3.




Plan: SW will continue to follow. 


Time Spent: 15 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


1/31/2023            9:47 AM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have ongoing access to food to support health and wellbeing
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 1/31/2023 0945)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Ongoing access to food: Assess patient/family/caregiver for eligibility for hospital resources when need for food is emergent and patient is inpatient



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



