 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Nico Rush
CHOP MRN#: 56891759
DOB:  11/18/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  2/3/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  5:38 PM


Problems: 
Finances and Insurance
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 


Progress: 


SW met with mother initially in CICU, and has also met with mother and father in CCU. SW provided a copy of the cardiac family resource guide and reviewed available resources and supports. 


Family is from Bellmawr NJ, which is about 20 minutes from CHOP. Family includes mother, father, 2 year old brother, and Nico. Father is employed as a teacher, mother is not working at this time. Parents typically alternate staying at bedside and home with their other son. 


Secondary insurance:
Nico has primary Aetna insurance, and primary insurance does not cover home nursing/PDN (benefit check in note 1/26). 
SW discussed with mother, as family recently requested home nursing to support with feeding regimen at home. Mother shared concerns about not having access to home nursing with current feeding regimen, also noted concerns about medical costs/bills. Mother also aware home care needs may change following this hospitalization. 
Mother has initiated application for NJ MLTSS, is in contact with an intake worker Jamie, SW called and left a voicemail to assist with the process. SW provided an LOMN to support. Mother has good understanding of the MLTSS medical requirements, is also exploring income qualifications for NJ Family Care/NJMA as family experienced income change with mother no longer working.
Application for SSI is in process, SW provided guidance around the process. 


Financial resources:
Family has received information on NJ Catastrophic Illness Program for medical-related costs, has not yet contacted. SW provided additional information and encouraged mother to contact.
5E/ITCU SW Aisha Evans assisted family in submitting application for MBA Opens Doors.
SW provided 5 parking passes and 2x$10 cafeteria gift cards to assist with ongoing costs related to hospitalization. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow and provide support.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
2/3/2023	5:38 PM










