Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Baby Boy Jemyra Carter 
Date of Birth:  12/19/2022 
MRN:  56934603


Progress: This SW is covering for 8S SW Stacey Keo today.


Covering SW consulted by CM Supervisor Robin Bodine regarding Mom calling CM James and stating that she is at court and they are requesting medical records for the pt. 


Covering SW called CYS Caseworker Olivia Jones (717-606-5206) to discuss this request. SW LVM. 


Addendum 1pm: SW received a call back from CYS caseworker, Olivia Jones. CYS relayed that the outcome of the court hearing was disposition to Mom, pending Mom's program (Vantage House) accepting the pt to live there. Per CYS, they provide consent for the pt due to him being in foster care and in the custody of Lancaster County CYS.


SW spoke with CM James who spoke with the program director who shared the information that they need provided to them in letter in order to make a determination to accept the pt to live in their program's house.


CYS reports that another court hearing is not needed after the determination of Vantage House. Once Vantage House makes a decision, CYS should be notified and will inform CHOP of next steps for disposition.


SW communicated this with the interdisciplinary team.


Addendum 2:30: SW sent CYS caseworker, Olivia Jones (ojones@co.lancaster.pa.us) a release of information form, consenting for CHOP to send Vantage House the requested information in order to determine if they can accept the pt to reside with them. CYS signed the ROI and uploaded it to the pt's EMR. 


Plan: Covering SW will remain available, as needed.


Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


2/6/2023            12:18 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have coordination between medical team and current CPS providers to support care needs
Outcome: Ongoing



