Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Demarcus Hayes 
Date of Birth:  6/23/2022 
MRN:  56917815


Progress: SW met with Mom at the bedside this morning with CCRN and MD Yang to discuss discharge to Children's Specialized. All questions and concerns were answered.


Mom shared that she called friends and family over the weekend requesting assistance with getting her belongings to Children's Specialized. Mom has several belongings that have accumulated over this long admission. Pt is being transferred via ambulance transport and her bags cannot fit in the ambulance. The family's car is currently broken down and in the repair shop.


Due to no other options to transport Mom's belongings, SW received SW Leadership Sheronda Ball's approval to provide a Lyft from CHOP to Children's Specialized. SW spoke with Mom and she will ride in the Lyft with her belongings and follow Demarcus in the ambulance.




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Other: Lyft.
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: No other available resources or options.




Additional comments:  
SW completed RedCaps form. SW provided Mom information on how to order the Lyft with Hospitality.




Addendum 4:30pm: Mom contacted SW that transport was delayed until tomorrow. Mom does not have any more meal vouchers for dinner and lunch tomorrow. SW approved resources as outlined below.


Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 2.
Reason for Disbursement: Unforseen/emergent admission-no available resources




Additional comments:  
SW approved additional resources due to financial strain from this extended admission. Pt should be discharged tomorrow.


Plan: SW will remain available to assist with any needs with discharge.


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


2/6/2023            1:14 PM


