 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Girl Berta Nora Bonilla
CHOP MRN#: 56926803
DOB:  12/2/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  2/7/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  2:50 PM


Problems: 
Diagnosis, Coping with illness/disability and Treatment , discharge planning.


Progress: Unchanged. SW stopped by to sit with the mother for awhile to offer support and reassurance about the sincerity of this SW support as there are times when parents, who already are anxious and stressed about a long admission and the level of their child's care, can be a little nervous or threatened by SW contact/intentions. The expressed how she would do anything for her baby but again, she explained one of the reasons that also contribute to her uneasiness about managing patient's care with an NG tube. The mother indicated that she has Carpal Tunnel in her hands and explained how they are painful and would impact her ability with the NG. The mother went on to explain that the father's 2 sisters and a cousin all work 9 to 5pm jobs and they within 10 minutes away from her home. Mother was confident that the 3 of them would be committed to come to the home with the security of flexibility from their jobs in case of an emergency with the NG tube. The mother will continue t stay home indefinitely to help in all of the other ways to care for the patient. This SW expressed understanding and reassurance of support for her by our Staff while also noting that even if she decides to change her mind and go with the training, that we would not discharge the patient home until she was fully comfortable which applies to her family members too.


Plan: SW will approve some meal vouchers through the rest of the week to help offset the mounting costs of meals that the mother has incurred over time during this long admission that begin in the NICU.


Time Spent: 30 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Raymond Hendricks, MSW	
2/7/2023	2:50 PM














