 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   PACT SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Yaseen K Algarhy
CHOP MRN#: 55118447
DOB:  8/7/2008
TODAY'S DATE:  2/8/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  8:42 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization, Coping with illness/disability and Treatment 


Progress: Family meeting held with mother (in person), father (via video call), Arabic interpreter, Complex Care (MD Yang, CCRN Trice, LSW Baumly) and PACT (LSW Dombrowski, MD Maitra, MD Bamat).  MD Yang expressed Yaseen's decline over the past several months and the concerns that he continues to have significant desaturation events when sleeping.  These events are happening frequently.  Team expressed their concern that any of these events outside of the hospital could lead to Yaseen's end of life and that unfortunately there are no good solutions for Yaseen.  Mother expressed that it has been so difficult not to have Yaseen at home with his family - he does better and is happier in that setting.   She has been wondering if there are any medical or long term care facilities that he could be at safely that are closer to home where they could spend more time with him.  She expressed feelings of guilt for not being able to be here at CHOP more with Yaseen knowing he does better with her present - she is a single caregiver and also has to care for other other children at home.  While being a home if nursing was available or closer to home would be important, her priority is keeping Yaseen safe and helping him to live as well and as long as possible.  She understands that the hospital is likely the safest option at this time.  Father expressed that it is important for Yaseen to be safe and monitored and he feels that the hospital setting is the only option for this to happen.  Complex care team will identify if there are any other medical facilities that could care for Yaseen closer to home as we continue these conversations.  Mother was appropriately emotional throughout this conversation - she expressed her love for her son and also how hard it is to balance all of her responsibilities. 


PACT team went to bedside after giving mother some time with Yaseen at bedside to continue to offer support.


Plan: PACT SW will continue to assess needs and provide support in conjunction with unit sw.


Time Spent: 90 minutes




Dana Dombrowski, MSW, LSW
Social Worker
Pediatric Advanced Care Team (PACT)
267-426-0178
Pager #19308




Electronically signed:
Dana Dombrowski, MSW	
2/8/2023	8:42 PM














