 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Jemyra Carter
CHOP MRN#: 56934603
DOB:  12/19/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  2/9/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  10:27 AM


Problems: 
Hospital discharge and Other:  CYS involvement/disposition
Hospitalization, Diagnosis, Coping with illness/disability and Treatment 


Progress: Unchanged


SW met with Mother at bedside. SW updated Mother regarding the conversation with CYS yesterday regarding disposition and training. SW reviewed with Mother that, since there is no updated court order, the prior court order stands (in chart 12/31/2023). CYS maintains custody of Mirajh at this time and is determining safety planning for discharge. This includes identification of training caregivers. CYS has stated that they recommend Mother and MGM as trainers. 


SW informed Mother that the formal training scheduled for this afternoon has been canceled. Mother's Vantage House counselor is welcome to visit and orient to basics at bedside, however, she cannot formally train in care, per CYS.


Mother expressed marked frustration regarding the situation and toward this SW. SW attempted to provide support, but Mother was not receptive. Mother stated she would be in contact with her lawyer and the judge on her case. Mother asked SW to leave.


SW offered to assess ongoing concrete resource need/eligibilty prior to exiting. Mother declined.


SW spoke with Lancaster County CYS Caseworker Olivia Jones (717-606-5206) to update her regarding discussion with Mother and Mother's concerns. Caseworker reiterated CYS's stance on the plan for Mother and MGM to train. Vantage House staff should not participate in care as primary caregivers, but may receive basic training at CHOP or by CHOP Home Care. 


CYS anticipates confirmation of disposition plan today or tomorrow. Regardless of disposition, Caseworker stated they are likely to still recommend Mother and MGM as primary training caregivers.


SW discussed the above with SW Manager Sheronda Ball.


Plan: Disposition TBD. SW to remain in contact with CYS.


Time Spent: 90 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Stacey Keo, LSW	
2/9/2023	10:27 AM














