Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaseen K Algarhy 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2008 
MRN:  55118447


Progress: SW called Mom with Arabic Interpreter ID# 226204. 


Mom took time to process things she has been thinking about today after yesterday's meeting. Mom shared her worries for Yaseen and hearing yesterday that his prognosis is unknown. Mom shared that yesterday's meeting has shifted her perspective knowing that Yaseen will be at CHOP for much longer than anticipated. Mom shared that she is struggling to reconcile how to be there for all of her kids. Mom is working on establishing a schedule to more consistently come and be with Yaseen, now that she knows he is not coming home soon. SW provided reflective listening throughout the conversation. SW emphasized that Mom does not need to figure this out right away and we are here to support her however we can as she navigates this shift in their family's life. 


SW discussed getting Yaseen registered with IDS under the Medically Complex Criteria due to the potential for additional resources and services to be available to Yaseen. SW emphasized that SW is not sure what options would be available, if any, but registration would be a positive thing to start for Yaseen. Mom in agreement. 


SW discussed that OT has recommended a compression vest for Yaseen to potentially help with his behaviors and sensory needs. Mom in agreement. SW offered to send Mom the link of the vest to look at and explained that SW can look into funding to assist the family with purchasing it, given that it is $80. 


SW requested that Mom send SW her most recent PECO bill to try to apply for another foundation to assist, due to FF deadline passing. 


SW checked in about Mom getting connected with BH support. Mom shared that she called CHOP Psychologist back and left a message. Mom shared that she has been too overwhelmed with everything going on with Yaseen to look into the outpatient therapy resources SW provided. 


SW sent Mom an email with the link to the compression vest for her to review, what information IDS will request from her, and a reminder to send SW her updated PECO bill.


Plan: SW will work on IDS registration and look into organizations to assist with the vest and the family's PECO bill.


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


2/9/2023            2:43 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will transition to safe/accessible home environment supportive of patient health needs
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver are supported in their adjustment to patient's change in prognosis/escalation in care needs
Outcome: Ongoing



