 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Boyofmargaret May
CHOP MRN#: 56927088
DOB:  12/3/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  2/9/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  2:29 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 
Other:  Luzerne County CYS 


Progress: 


Chronic Care Rounds family meeting held today with aunt (Joyce) in person, mother (Margaret) via phone, Attending MD Felina Mille, FLOC NP Rachel Pancoe, SW, ASL interpreter by video #100248/100050. 


MD Mille reviewed pt's underlying diagnoses, recent surgery, and next steps over the short-term. Both aunt and mother asked thoughtful questions throughout the meeting. Both aunt and mother expressed that their understanding was that pt would be transferred back to Geisinger Danville soon after surgery. MD Mille discussed the team's recommendations of staying at CHOP for longer primarily related to pt's valve leakage and arrhythmias. Family expressed understanding and wanting to do what is best for the pt.


MD Mille discussed that next steps in CICU will include medical management for HR and arrhythmias, IV medications for blood pressure management, and focus on growth and nutrition. Also discussed that pt will require additional cardiac surgery and family expressed understanding. Discussed that pulmonary veins will also likely require future interventions, and that both the underlying cardiac defect and pulmonary vein narrowing can be deadly to the pt. Mother and aunt expressed understanding and aunt was appropriately tearful. 


Mother expressed concern about supporting pt's development while in the hospital. Mother also noted concern around sibling being unable to visit as per Geisinger Danville guidelines, SW clarified that sibling is permitted to visit CHOP. SW to follow up to support mother's visitation.


Team and family discussed scheduling weekly or biweekly meetings. CICU Continuity team identified as MD Felina Mille and NP Jarae Payne.


SW contacted mother by phone following the meeting per mother's request. Mother shared that she would like to discuss visiting Saturday and Sunday with her 9yo son. SW shared that siblings can visit the hospital however are not permitted to stay overnight. SW discussed that mother can request CICU sleep room if visiting alone, also reviewed local hotels that offer a discount. 


Luzerne County CYS: 
Caseworker Denise completed hospital visit this morning, SW not present at that time. SW spoke with Denise via phone 570-466-7850 and shared updates from today's family meeting. Denise shared that discharge is anticipated to be with the aunt however will continue to be assessed. Mother still has full custody and consenting rights. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman	
2/9/2023	2:29 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Boyofmargaret May
Patient MRN: 56927088
Patient DOB: 12/3/2022


Today's Date: 2/9/2023
Admission Date: 1/18/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 4 and Parking Passes (#'s): 2.




Additional comments:  SW provided aunt with 4 meal vouchers and 2 parking passes to assist with visitation costs.


SW to approve resources for mother in advance of weekend visit as well.


Electronically signed: Melissa Greberman 2/9/2023	3:27 PM 
















