SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE






Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 2/10/2023 0859)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
 Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors




Progress:  LSW and patient parents have been in communication both in person and via phone throughout the week.


Patient parents supported by LSW as they cope with Brielle`s hospitalization. LSW continues to provide therapeutic supportive counseling to each patient parent and together as needed. 


Patient mother and father provided with a letter for work as they anticipated Brielle`s extubation.


Dr. McKenna and CLD FLC introduced themselves to patient mother on 2/10/23. Patient mother interacted with Brielle throughout her visit.


Brielle was extubated on 2/10/23 and patient mother was present in person and patient father present virtually via video.


CLS, CLD CM, FLC, attending (Dr. McKenna), RT, and nursing staff where all present and supported Brielle through the extubation process.


CLS utilized her IPAD to take pictures for the patient family. LSW securely sent patient family the pictures taken during the extubation.


Brielle will continue to be monitored and assessed to ensure that she is supported medically as needed.


LSW will continue to support patient and patient family socially and emotionally as patient parents expressed finding the support from LSW to be helpful.


LSW submitted Opens Doors application.




Plan: 
LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 


Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
2/10/2023	4:06 PM
