SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE






Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 2/13/2023 1551)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
 Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors



Progress:  Patient parents participating in morning medical rounds and asked thoughtful questions. Eliana slept through medical rounds.Patient parents agree that Eliana has been unlike herself these last few days causing the medical team to look closer into how to support Eliana. 


Patient parents verbalized understanding the medical teams next steps and will continue to utilize LSW for support through Eliana`s continued medical journey.


LSW circled back to the bedside after morning medical rounds to assess patient parents coping as Eliana continue to sleep. Patient parents provided with therapeutic supportive counseling as patient parents expressed experiencing elevated stress this past weekend as Eliana appeared unlike herself.


Patient parents identified healthy ways of coping with Eliana`s hospitalization as encouraged by LSW.


Patient parents inquired about a light lamp for Eliana`s room and LSW made outreach to developmental therapist. OT to f/u with patient parents to assess as needed.


Plan: 


LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
2/13/2023	3:52 PM
