SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 2/14/2023 1530)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors



Progress:  Patient parents made outreach to LSW as they visited Azuri today.


Patient parents brought Azuri a Valentines Day dress and planned to put it on her once she was a bit more awake. Azuri slept as LSW assessed patient and patient family needs with parents.


Patient parents coping assessed and patient parents coping appropriately. Patient parents support one another and utilize recommendations from LSW.


Patient parents expressed optimism regarding Azuri`s medical status per their last medical update. Patient parents appeared to have clear understanding of where Azuri is medically.


LSW provided patient parents with information for discharge related questions as inquired by patient mother.


LSW provided supportive counseling as patient parents continue to navigate Azuri`s hospitalization.


Patient parent planned to allow for Azuri to continue to sleep before revisiting the bedside later in the day.


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Girl-Asia Johnson
Patient MRN: 56893090
Patient DOB: 9/1/2022


Today's Date: 2/14/2023
Admission Date: 12/15/2022




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 3.




Additional comments:  
Concrete resources provided after LSW provided thorough concrete need assessment.





Plan: LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 




Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
2/14/2023	3:33 PM
