SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have access to needed local accommodations
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RELATIONSHIPS/BEHAVIOR
Goal: Conflict between patient/family/caregiver and provider is addressed and resolved
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  SW met with mom at bedside today to follow up on mom noting overnight communication concerns.  Mom noted that she was told by nursing staff she would be informed when she would be allowed to come back to bedside after baby was in procedures from approx. 4:15 through change of shift.  Mom noted that she waited in the lounge until 9pm and never received an update how baby was doing/ if she was allowed to come back to the bedside.  Mom noted that she left the hospital and continued to call into the nicu to receive updates and was very upset.  Mom said at 4am is when she "finally received an update from the doctors".  SW discussed ICU expectations such as change of shift and what types of procedures are viewed as "normal" within the ICU setting/ something staff wouldn't normally call a parent overnight about.  However, validated mom's concerns and feelings with expectations within the setting of transition to new hospital/ changes with baby.  Mom appreciated emotional support and guidance on how to advocate during overnight hours.  SW also noted to follow up with Nurse Manager due to ongoing communication/ partnership.  


SW also met dad at bedside as mom was tearful that dad was unable to check in with mom at RMH due to background check concerns with dad's ex-wife.  SW noted to reach out to RMH SW and advocate for parents however SW is not able to change rules for RMH as they are a separate entity.  SW also confirmed with parents that RMH NJ also has the same policy. Parents were in understanding of information and appreciated advocacy and support.  Mom confirmed she still planned to check in to RMH even if she can only stay by herself at this time.


Plan: SW will continue to provide support during hospitalization.


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Lindsey K Kunkel, LCSW	
2/15/2023	6:01 PM
