SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing




Progress:  A family meeting was held on 2/15/23 with NIICU Fellow Taylor Wild MD, FLC Kristin Rogers PA-C, Case manager Stephanie Hill-Sandoval RN, bedside nurse Danielle Walton RN, LSW and Blake's mother. The meeting began with Blake's mother asking how much longer he will need to be hospitalized. Dr. Wild prepared Blake's mother for the fact that he will likely be hospitalized for several more months. 


Dr. Wild provided the patient's mother with an overall medical update for Blake and identified the plan moving forward for the next several weeks. Respiratory weans will be made as the patient tolerates with the goal of switching to the conventional ventilator in the coming days to weeks. Blake has a large PDA that needs to be closed. Dr. Wild provided the patient's mother with an explanation of the procedure, benefits and risks. Following the PDA closure, a reanastomosis surgery will need to be done. After the surgery, it will be a slow process of re feeding. 


Once Blake is tolerating feeds, the medical team will plan to extubate him. The patient's mother was made aware that Blake has Chronic Lung Disease of prematurity. Given the patient's CLD, he may need to be re-intubated if he is showing signs that he is not ready following the extubation. Once the patient is on CPAP the medical team will make weekly weans as tolerated. When Blake is down to 2 liters of HFNC, he can begin to feed by mouth. It was explained that since Blake was born so premature he may not take all of his feeds by mouth. The patient's mother was made aware that Blake may need to go home on tube feeding. 


The patient's mother asked thoughtful and appropriate questions that demonstrated her understanding of Blake's medical needs and plan moving forward.




Plan:  LSW will continue to follow and provide support. 




Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
2/16/2023	9:13 AM
