Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaseen K Algarhy 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2008 
MRN:  55118447


Progress: SW called Mom with Arabic Interpreter ID#208613.


Mom shared that she looked at the compression vest recommended by Developmental Peds and does not think it will be a good fit for Yaseen because she thinks it may make him too hot, which irritates him and causes self harm behaviors. Mom expressed that something that he could put his arms into would be best to also help with him not removing his BiPAP. Mom asked if he could get something similar to sleep sacks that babies use at night. SW relayed that SW will have Developmental Peds reach out to Mom directly to discuss options for Yaseen. 


SW shared that SW heard from the J Foundation today and they shared that they will follow up with SW after meeting with their team on 2/22 regarding how much they can help, but stated that they will be able to help cover at least some of it. Mom expressed what a relief this is, as this bill has been causing her significant stress over the past few months. 


Mom shared that 10yo sibling, Yara, is getting eye surgery at CHOP on 3/23 (Philadelphia Campus). Mom shared that she will primarily with Yara during this time as she recovers, but will continue to want updates via phone about Yaseen and will come up when she is able. SW agreed to let the team know.


Mom denied any other acute SW needs at this time. Mom in agreement to text SW when she plans to come to the bedside next so that we can complete the ABAS 3 together for Yaseen's IDS registration.


Plan: SW will consult Developmental Peds to follow up with Mom about other potential options besides the compression vest. SW will inform Mom when SW hears back from J foundation on how much they can assist with the family's PECO bill. SW will submit IDS registration forms once ABAS 3 is completed with Mom. SW will continue to follow.


Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


2/17/2023            4:51 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



