SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing







Progress:  A family meeting was held with NIICU Attending Heather Burris MD, NIICU Fellow Taylor Wild MD, FLC Yanli Wang MD, Bedside Nurse Amanda Keagy RN, Case Manager Stephanie Hill-Sandoval Hill RN, in person Spanish Interpreter, LSW and Gisselle's parents. 


The meeting started with the patient's parents sharing their understanding of Gisselle's progress. Parents shared that they feel Gisselle is doing well and they are hopeful that she will continue to do so. Dr. Wild explained to parents that Gisselle has required increased respiratory support for two reasons. The first is that Gisselle shows an increased work of breathing which may be due to excess fluid. As a result, Gisselle will be given a dose of Lasix three times a week. The second is that Gisselle becomes agitated and is unable to keep herself calm at times. To address this the patient will be given Clonidine to help make her more comfortable 


Dr. Wild explained that the medical team will make respiratory weans weekly as Gisselle tolerates. Once Gisselle gets to a CPAP of 5 she will be transitioned to HFNC and continue wean slowly. Given the severity of Gisselle's Chronic Lung Disease, she will likely be hospitalized for several more months.


If the patient is unable to tolerate respiratory weans over the next couple of month, the patient may need a Tracheostomy. An explanation of a trach was provided to parents and they asked appropriate questions. The patient's mother asked if there was any alternative options if Gisselle needs a lot of respiratory support. Dr. Burris shared with the family that if they did not feel a trach was in line with their wishes for Gisselle, they could decide to allow for the patient to pass away.The patient's mother was appropriately tearful when discussing this possibility with the medical team. Parents are hopeful that Gisselle will not need a trach but will begin to discuss together their desires for Gisselle. 


Dr. Wilds discussed the patient's DNR and advised parents to consider discontinuing the order given the patient's medical stability. The patient's parents would like for the order to remain in place and will discuss together if they would like to change the order in the future. The parents do not want to "force" Gisselle and if her heart were to stop they view it as a sign that she is ready to pass. 


LSW met with the patient's parents at the bedside following the meeting to provide emotional support. The patient's parents were appropriately tearful when talking about Gisselle's future. LSW provided supportive counseling while meeting with the patient's parents. 


The patient's mother asked if it was a good time for her to return to Mexico to visit the patient's brother. The medical team came to speak with the patient's parents regarding their question.




Plan: LSW will continue to follow and provide support. 




Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
2/20/2023	4:42 PM
