 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Girl Israt Jahan
CHOP MRN#: 56883801
DOB:  10/27/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  2/22/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  5:44 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 


Progress: 


SW continues to follow. Family continues to visit regularly from RMH and also commuting home for dad's work schedule. Dad shared that he adjusted his work schedule to be able to be present at hospital more often; plans to be visit at least Mondays-Wednesdays, sometimes also Thursdays and/or one day on weekend. Mom may also visit with other family when dad is working. SW spoke with RMH SW Liz Thul to confirm family's room and visitation. 


SW coordinated medical update on 2/21 with both parents, CICU continuity attending MD Yuerek, SW, and in-person Bengali interpreter. MD Yuerek provided updates and reviewed recent complicated surgical course. Both parents asked thoughtful questions throughout. MD Yuerek reviewed that next short-term steps include supporting wound healing, treating NEC, and working toward extubation. Discussed that over longer-term, Amayra will undergo a CTA in mid-March and then there will be further conversations regarding candidacy for future surgeries. It was discussed that it is uncertain if Amayra will be a candidate for the Glenn surgery. SW and family discussed plan for family meeting following CTA, also can meet again sooner if needed.


Parents asked good clarifying questions throughout including about having two BTT shunts and around single ventricle palliation. It was helpful to clarify that the terminology of 'stage 2' and 'Glenn' are referring to same procedure. Discussed that it will be helpful to review diagrams around surgeries pending ongoing discussions and candidacy. Both parents demonstrate strong understanding that Amayra is medically complex and very sick. Parents also expressed understanding that pulmonary vein findings have complicated Amayra's course as well. Family expressed appreciation for meeting and the care Amayra is receiving.


Plan: SW will continue to follow and provide support.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
2/22/2023	5:44 PM














