 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Girl Sophonie Pierre Noel
CHOP MRN#: 56897317
DOB:  1/17/2023
TODAY'S DATE:  2/23/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  11:19 AM


Problems: 
Housing, School and Work


Progress:
SW checked in bedside while patient's mom was present and active in care. SW utilized interpreter 257330.
SW checked in with mom on the status of her housing. Mom shared that the address listed in the chart is where they will go back to. The address listed is where they have been renting a room from dad's former co-worker, but they feel that it is overcrowded at times and were hoping someone would move out. Mom and dad checked with the former co-worker and were told that they are able to return. SW wanted to confirm and asked that if they were to be discharged today or tomorrow, where will they go? Mom said that they will go back to the home in Delaware. SW asked that if medical equipment has to be delivered, will that address be ok to have equipment sent, and mom said" yes, equipment can be delivered there." While they are back in Delaware, the family will continue to look for a new place to live, but as of now, mom shared there is no need for assistance with housing at this time. SW encouraged mom to let SW know if there are any barriers with housing prior to discharge.


SW asked if they currently have any income and mom said that they have savings, but no income since dad no longer works. Dad plans to go back to work once they are discharge from the hospital. She is unsure if he will return to his previous employer since he was fired, but said that he will find another job. Mom will not work and will remain at home with the patient. 


SW did let mom know that SW contacted the school to get in touch with Djenie's school counselor, but have not received a call back yet. SW shared that she will contact the school again today to see how they are able to remain a source of support while Djenie is here with the family. Mom shared that Djenie is also receiving assistance at RMH with her schooling and that is going well.


SW encouraged mom to reach out if any additional needs arise.


Plan: 
SW will continue to follow up with family and assess their housing situation as needed.
SW will continue to provide support to patient and family while on the ITCU.
SW will contact patient's sister school for additional information and support.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Aisha Evans	
2/23/2023	11:19 AM














