 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Liliana Ruiz
CHOP MRN#: 56935288
DOB:  11/22/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  2/24/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  4:07 PM


Problems: 
Finances and Transportation
Hospitalization 
Infrequent availability of family 


Progress: Unchanged
Covering SW and SW Intern attempted throughout the week to meet and assess family both in person and via phone.  SW briefly spoke to family over 3 separate times (approx. 5min each) via phone.  Each time mom noted parents were indisposed with fixing the car, conflict with another phone call coming in, confusion with time of shift/ RMH contact.  Mom was able to confirm parents share the cell phone number in the chart, confirmed that Liliana has her own AmeriHealth PA MA insurance coverage, and that parents will struggle with transportation/ finances and therefore put themselves on the list for Philadelphia RMH.  Philadelphia RMH confirmed with SW that they informed parents today (2/24/23) that they would not be eligible to stay at the home due to failed background check.  SW was unable to speak with parents directly after this was confirmed with parents.  Parents had noted they would have significant difficulty visiting baby at CHOP without ability to stay at RMH.  SW left a message before end of shift to attempt to complete assessment to attempt a possible ongoing supportive plan but was unable to make contact with parents.


SW was also able to speak to Janice Malick, Lehigh Valley Cedar Crest social worker who informed that OSH completed CYS report based on mom's OSH positive UDS screen along with mental health hx.  SW spoke with Gabriel Rivas, Lehigh Valley CYS caseworker who confirmed involvement however the case was closed due to concern for baby's critical status and reaching 60 days in the hospital.  Mr. Rivas noted that SW would need to create a new report/ referral closer to time of discharge.  Mr. Rivas was able to confirm that parents currently have adequate housing and that FOB has a car.  Mr. Rivas also noted that mom has visits with her 9yo and 6yo to a previous relationship however they are in the legal custody of their respective father. 


Plan: Covering SW will sign out to ongoing SW and SW intern to provide ongoing support/ complete assessment.


Time Spent: 240 minutes+


Acuity: Level 4 - Require significant advocacy to meet basic needs 


Electronically signed:
Lindsey K Kunkel, LCSW	
2/24/2023	4:07 PM














