SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RELATIONSHIPS/BEHAVIOR
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver communication barriers will be addressed to provide appropriate care
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have coordination between medical team and current CPS providers to support care needs
Outcome: Ongoing



Progress:  SW spoke with mom today to check in for weekend as SW was aware mom spoke with doctors yesterday regarding severely concerning MRI results of brain as well as baby had coded overnight.  Mom appreciated check in and inquired to SW if the patient will have cerebral palsy.  SW redirected to medical team however mom noted she wouldn't be at the hospital until overnight hours into Saturday morning.  SW encouraged mom to continue to ask this level of thoughtful questions at any time of day however helpful for long term prognosis discussions to occur during M-F 9-5 timeframe for ongoing continuity/ team and emotional support.  SW noted to reach out to Mary Catherine Harris, Attending and Sonika Agarwal, Neurology to coordinate potential discussion with mom when she will be here.  Dr. Agarwal noted she will plan to visit mom at bedside around 8am 2/25.  SW signed out to medical team, nursing, and extended hours SW team to assist with support as needed.  SW informed mom of this plan and reiterated teams concerns for severe developmental delays with prognosis however it's important mom continues to ask questions and the team will discuss as much as mom needs to process the information/ ability for team to access emotional support over the weekend as needed.  Mom appreciated support.


Plan: SW will continue to provide support during hospitalization.


Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Lindsey K Kunkel, LCSW	
2/24/2023	7:27 PM
