Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Sameer Ghani 
Date of Birth:  3/19/2022 
MRN:  56956219


Progress: SW spoke with Dad over the phone this morning.


Dad relayed that he attempted to save the letters PICU SW and Endo MD provided via MyCHOP, but he has been unsuccessful. Dad requested that they be emailed to him. SW sent a secure email to Dad with the letters. Dad shared that these letters are to assist Mom with her hearing with the Embassy on May 24th in which she is requesting to come to the US to be with Sameer and help with his care. SW and Dad discussed an additional letter being provided that outlines Sameer's diagnoses and care to demonstrate the benefit of having his Mother here with him. SW collaborated with FLOC to complete this letter and emailed it to Dad.


Dad shared that he continues to work on the ODF application. SW reminded Dad to inform SW when the application is complete so SW can sign and submit the application.


Dad relayed that the earliest train that leaves Newark on Saturday is at 4am and he will not arrive at CHOP until 9/9:30am. SW reviewed pt's chart and noted that Dad is scheduled to do his NG class in the FLC at 8:30am. SW collaborated with FLOC and RN and rescheduled Dad's NG FLC class for 1pm on Sunday, 3/5. SW communicated this change with Dad. 


SW also discussed ModivCare. Dad confirmed that Sameer is registered and utilizes this resource to get to all Outpatient Appointments. Dad confirmed he already spoke with insurance that they would need Dad to provide the address and mileage to request an exception from Insurance to cover this trip. SW discussed that there is also a Closest Provider Form that MD will complete to share the necessity of follow up at CHOP. 


SW assessed for and approved meal vouchers for Dad this weekend when he is at the bedside completing caregiver training. Transportation has been a significant financial strain this admission.


Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 4.
Reason for Disbursement: Unforseen/emergent admission-no available resources


Additional comments:  
SW approved meal vouchers for Dad this weekend for when he is here for caregiver training due to significant financial strain from this admission. Dad aware he can pick up vouchers at the Welcome Desk in the Main Lobby.


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW will submit Closest Provider form once completed. 


Time Spent: 150 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


3/3/2023            9:37 AM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 3/3/2023 0936)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Household finances: Refer patient/family/caregiver to appropriate community-based resources, etc.



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 3/3/2023 0937)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Adequate transportation:
• Explore existing transportation options (family, community-based and/or insurance resources)
• Refer as needed to insurance or community-based resources
• Assess patient's transportation needs related to accessing medical care
Goal: Patient will have resources to address immigration/visa issues
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 3/3/2023 0937)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Immigration/Visa issues: Assist in accessing appropriate/relevant documentation affecting immigration status as affected by healthcare needs



