Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Sameer Ghani 
Date of Birth:  3/19/2022 
MRN:  56956219


Progress: SW received a phone call from Dad this morning.


Dad confirmed she came to the hospital for teaching and feels comfortable with the care he learned this weekend. Dad shared that him and Grandma both took the classes and have a system and plan in place for his care when he goes home. Dad is hopeful that Sameer could potentially get home nursing and how supportive this would be for the family. Dad expressed gratitude several times for the care and support Sameer has received at CHOP. 


Dad shared that he completed the ODF application and sent it back to SW to complete. We discussed the remaining parts of the application that SW will complete on the family's behalf. SW will work on this and submit by 3/9. 


Dad shared that he applied for SSI for Sameer and had his SSI Interview on 2/10. However, he was advised that he cannot complete the process until Sameer is discharged. Dad plans to call SSI after discharge to finalize the application. 


Dad requested that SW print the letters from this SW, PICU SW, and Endo MD, as he still cannot access them over email. SW agreed to print and provide these to grandmother at the bedside.


SW spoke with Hematology SW, Taylor Hemphill, about this pt and transportation to Outpatient Hematology Appt at CHOP after discharge.


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW will 


Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


3/6/2023            5:01 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing



