 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Kimberly Copper
CHOP MRN#: 56961092
DOB:  2/23/2023
TODAY'S DATE:  3/7/2023
TODAY'S TIME: 4:22 PM


Medical chart reviewed. Zakai is a 12-day-old male infant that has Hirschsprung's disease


Additional Comments: 
SW met with mother at bedside for introductions as well as to provide emotional support, discuss unit based social work roles, reflective listening, and assessment of needs since being transferring from the NICU. Mother speaking with inpatient hospitality coordinator upon arrival to bedside and requesting assistance with meal; two meal vouchers provided by IHC, SW did not approve any additional vouchers at the time of the bedside encounter. Mother appeared receptive to the afternoon visit, presenting in a clear mind state, and showing signs of an appropriate affect. Prior to transferring units, parents were working to submit FMLA documents. Through conversation with the NICU SW, FMLA documents have been completed and need to be submitted to father’s employer. Per father's report, his employer, National Express, has refused to provide the correct point of contact for FMLA submission, adding that the contact number for his HR department is 1-855-595-HR4U (4748). Unit SW amendable to assisting the family, while encouraging father to climb the ladder independently as he knows his management team. 


Mother requesting information pertaining to financial assistance as she did not anticipate a ten-day admission. SW educated mother on the MBA Open Doors Foundation and sent the mortgage assistance link via e-mail to Kim051503@yahoo.com for completion. Mother made aware that the application and all supportive documentation must be submitted by 3/10 in order to be reviewed for the upcoming month. Mother plans to complete all required sections today and return to SW electronically for review and submission.


No additional needs identified at the time of the bedside encounter. SW will continue to follow, providing support as needed. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:


3/7/2023	4:22 PM
























