Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Sameer Ghani 
Date of Birth:  3/19/2022 
MRN:  56956219


Progress: SW submitted an application for a grant for one month of rental assistance through the Opens Doors Foundation.


SW and Dad discussed plans for discharge transportation. SW discussed ModivCare, which Dad was open to. Dad relayed that a coworker had offered to drive them home, so that is his Plan A, but if that falls through, Dad would like SW to schedule a ride through ModivCare. 


SW confirmed with Dad that discharge will take place tomorrow at whatever time works best for him to get here. Dad relayed that he plans to take a morning half day at work and take the train to get here around the afternoon. Dad's coworker will drive them home. Sameer's car seat is at the bedside. 


SW and Dad confirmed remaining discharge education needs. SW relayed that the team would like Dad to independently demonstrate dropping the NG tube again before discharge, which Dad was agreeable to. Dad confirmed that he will be solely responsible for dropping the NG tube and Grandmother will be responsible for flushing, feeding, etc. Dad shared that Grandmother feels comfortable performing this care. If the NG tube comes out or needs adjustment, the plan is for the home nurse to replace the tube. If no home nurse is staffed, Dad will immediately Uber home from work, replace the tube, and return to work. Dad's work is a 22 minute drive from his home.


Dad asked about the status of home nursing and staffing. SW offered to reach out to CM to discuss this with Dad. 


Dad is hopeful for home nursing to be staffed and shared how supportive this would be for the family. We discussed the challenges surrounding this long admission and how much the family is looking forward to being home with Sameer.


Addendum 1:40pm: Dad called SW that he was never called into Pharmacy Med Counseling and requested that SW look into this. SW spoke to Bedside RN and Pharmacy that Med Counseling was completed by grandmother who declined calling Dad into the session. Pharmacy agreed to come back tomorrow and do an in person session with Dad. SW called Dad and let him know.


Dad relayed that he is now going to take the full day off of work tomorrow to ensure for a smooth discharge. Dad will be at the hospital around 10/10:30am on 3/9.


Addendum 4pm: SW and MD Wontroski called Dad to discuss the barriers to getting a pump for Sameer's NG feeds. MD discussed that we will be trialing gravity feeds and monitoring how Sameer tolerates them. If he tolerates gravity feeds, we can proceed with discharge tomorrow. Dad expressed understanding and is hopeful that he will tolerate it and discharge can occur tomorrow.


Plan: SW will continue to follow. No acute SW needs at this time. SW will remain available for support. Discharge planned for tomorrow. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


3/8/2023            10:05 AM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Complete/Adequate for Discharge



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 3/8/2023 1004)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Adequate transportation:
• Refer as needed to insurance or community-based resources
• Explore existing transportation options (family, community-based and/or insurance resources)



