SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have access to needed local accommodations
Outcome: Ongoing



Progress:  Social worker met with father at bedside in the NICU to assist with transportation arrangements from Philadelphia to Allentown as discussed with parents yesterday. Social worker provided father with petty cash through the Social Work Emergency Fund for two one-way Greyhound bus tickets for parents to return home. Father shared with social worker that mother is feeling ill and that parents may not be able to travel home today as a result. Father requested a list of local hotels in the area as family is not eligible to stay at Ronald McDonald House. Social worker emailed parents a list of local hotels. Encouraged parents to return home until mother feels better. Social worker relayed that the Social Work Emergency Fund is unable to assist with the cost of a local hotel. Father plans to reach out to paternal grandmother for financial assistance support for a hotel if parents are not able to return home today. No other immediate social work needs identified. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
3/9/2023	11:29 AM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Liliana Ruiz
Patient MRN: 56935288
Patient DOB: 11/22/2022


Today's Date: 3/9/2023
Admission Date: 2/17/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Petty Cash: $62.00.
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: Family currently has extremely limited income at this time. Parents were able to arrange financial assistance for transportation for one way to the hospital and need financial assistance for transportation home. Petty cash provided for two one-way Greyhound bus tickets this afternoon at 3:00 PM from Philadelphia to Allentown at $31.00 each. SW Department administrative assistant needed to provide assistance in petty cash as bus tickets were unable to be purchased online. 




Additional comments:  Parents' vehicle broke down. Parents came to the hospital to visit Lily. They need to return home to have their vehicle repaired or traded in. Parents are planning to relocate to Philadelphia in the coming weeks and do not anticipate needing to use Greyhound transportation in the future with the exception of one future trip in the event their vehicle is not able to be repaired. 






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 3/9/2023	11:29 AM 




