SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have access to needed local accommodations
Outcome: Ongoing



Progress:  Social worker met briefly with parents at bedside and spoke with mother by phone. Parents are planning to return to Allentown via Greyhound bus later today. Social worker also provided parents with a paper copy of a list of local hotels per their request. Mother inquired about supports for baby supplies for Lily. Parents have a stroller and crib at home. Mother inquired about financial assistance to purchase a car seat. Social worker relayed that family will be eligible for an infant car seat at discharge. Social worker provided information about WIC and noted that social worker will make a referral to WIC closer to discharge for assistance with formula. Offered to explore additional resources for baby supplies once the family relocates to Philadelphia to offer assistance in the family's local area. No other immediate social work needs identified. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
3/10/2023	8:48 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Liliana Ruiz
Patient MRN: 56935288
Patient DOB: 11/22/2022


Today's Date: 3/10/2023
Admission Date: 2/17/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 3.




Additional comments:  Family is currently without income and has limited resources to purchase meals while at the hospital. 






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 3/10/2023	8:48 PM 




