 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Boyofmargaret May
CHOP MRN#: 56927088
DOB:  12/3/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  3/10/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  5:28 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization, Coping with illness/disability and Treatment 


Progress: 


Family meeting held with:
Mother (Margaret) via phone
Aunt (Joyce) in person w/ ASL Interpreter
Pulmonary Vein Stenosis team- MD Callahan, NP Meluskey
CICU- Continuity MD Mille, NP Payne, NP Karpiak, bedside RN Hollie Jones
PACT- NP Nelson, RN
CYS Caseworker Denise Dessoye via phone
SW


MD Callahan reviewed pulmonary vein stenosis diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment; discussed that Messiah will continue with current medication and will need serial cardiac caths. Mother asked how Messiah was tolerating the medication and if there were any concerning side effects, and MD Callahan shared Messiah is tolerating it well. MD Mille shared update from valve team discussion and recommendation for further imaging, which would be discussed at surgical conference for potential surgery. Both mother and aunt expressed that they wish to proceed with all intervention and surgery if there is something that may help Messiah. Family expressed appreciation for the care Messiah is receiving and trust in the recommendations from the team. Mother expressed appreciation for her sister's presence and support for Messiah. 
Discussed plan for family meeting in near future potential 3/20.




SW met with aunt (Joyce) separately, also communicated by phone regarding RMH accommodations. Joyce is returning home tonight through Sunday, then plans to visit 3/12 - 3/21, 3/23 - 3/31, and potentially all of April. SW called RMH to extend stay and confirmed Joyce can keep room while briefly returning home. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow and provide support. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
3/10/2023	5:28 PM














