					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Kiki Priester
CHOP MRN#: 56965578
DOB:  3/7/2023


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 03/16/23  
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: ICU 
Primary Service: Neonatal 
Consulting Service: General Surgery 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 03/16/23  
Patient living situation: PARENT(S) 
Parent Information: Richard has two parents, Kiki and Richard.  He has 6 siblings aged 19, 18, 16, 12, 8 and 6.  Mom reports that 12 and 8 year old siblings live with their dad.  Family lives in Mays Landing, NJ.  Mom reports that dad is self employed working odd jobs.  Mom reports support from her husband, children and family. 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 03/16/23  
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? parents 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 03/16/23  
CPS Involvement YES 
CPS involvment comment: SW confirmed with SW at birth hospital that DCPP was notified of mom's positive cannabis UDS.  Atlanticare SW Roe Russo reported that DCPP worker is Rosalyn Miles (609-341-6058).  Mom confirmed that she is aware of open DCPP case and that she has been in contact with Miles. 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PARENT 
Parent Strengths Advocate for herself and baby, mom reports support from family 
Parent Stressors Mom reports that she was unaware of Richard's condition prenatally and that she did not expect Richard to be transported to CHOP after his birth.  While at CHOP on 3/10 mom reported concerning symptoms to covering SW Ousley and nurse Padilla.  Ousley and Padilla took mom to HUP ED where she was later diagnosed with multiple sclerosis and admitted to the neurology unit.  Mom discussed difficulty coping with her diagnosis and being separated from her baby. 




Assessment Summary:









Adjustment: 
Date/Time 03/16/23  
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization SW will provide support and resources throughout NICU hospitalization 











Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 03/16/23  
Time Spent (min) 180 min 
Acuity  Level 4 


SW called mom on 3/15.  SW introduced herself, explained role and provided contact information.  Mom reported that she has been hospitalized on the neurology unit at HUP since SW Ousley and RN Padilla escorted her to the HUP ED on 3/10.  Mom reported that she is being treated for multiple sclerosis and is expected to move to a rehab in Vineland, NJ in a few days.  Mom discussed difficulty coping with her new diagnosis and being unable to visit Richard.  SW listened to mom and provided support.  Mom reported that she would like to see Richard before moving to rehab.  SW contacted mom's HUP SW Kristina Roose (267-584-0725) and discussed mom's wishes to visit Richard.  On 3/16 HUP neurology nurse manager contacted SW to facilitate visit later that day.  SW met mom and HUP nurses in NICU and led them to Richard's bedside.  Mom was able to visit with Richard at bedside for an extended time with her nurse present.  SW provided mom with scent cloths to facilitate bonding between her and Richard while she is in rehab.  SW and RN Padilla escorted mom and HUP nurse out of NICU at end of visit.  






Lara Billet, MSW
6:09 PM
3/16/2023
