 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Savannah Miller
CHOP MRN#: 56942299
DOB:  2/18/2009
TODAY'S DATE:  3/17/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  4:05 PM


Problems: 
School


Progress: 
LSW participated in school meeting with SW intern Melissa Echeverry, HSP manager Stephanie Endres, and HSP coordinator Kerri Flannagan, mom, middle school counselor, assistant principal and high school counselor. CHOP staff advocated for Savannah to be re-enrolled in school with a 504 plan per family's request. 


Mom noted she agreed to un-enroll Savannah from school after conversation with school team and mom was never educated about 504 plans by the school. School had arranged homebound for Savannah when she was diagnosed but did not make a 504 plan for her. School acknowledged they are familiar with 504 plans and have students with 504 plans. School said that decision was made to un-enroll Savannah as she had many absences and Savannah has passed 8th grade and will move on to 9th grade. School staff also said the fact that Savannah is currently in Philadelphia not VA presented problems for re-enrollment.


LSW provided education regarding BMT experience. Patients from all states and districts who are undergoing BMT are enrolled on homebound through their home school and have 504 plans in place to cover any absences due to medical reasons and provide accommodations related to waiving nonessential assignments etc. and then are supported by HSP team during admission. LSW and HSP team also noted the importance of patients being enrolled in school even if they are going to be moved to the next grade including: providing normalcy, belonging with peers; maintaining academic skills, etc. School staff to follow up with district regarding request to re-enroll and will then circle back with CHOP team. 


LSW to complete 504 letter and will send to school when complete. 


Plan: LSW will continue to follow patient and family to provide ongoing emotional support and concrete resources as needed. Please page with any questions or concerns #72440.




Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Alissa Feirson, LSW	
3/17/2023	4:05 PM














