SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate insurance coverage to obtain necessary medical care
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  Social worker met with mother at bedside in the NICU on 3/17/23 and with mother and maternal grandmother on 3/20/23. On 3/17/23, discussed current stressors with mother. Mother identified positive coping skills that have been helpful. Supportive counseling provided. Mother receptive to referral to NICU psychology for additional support. Referral placed for mother to meet with NICU psychologist Casey Hoffman on 3/23. Social worker and mother contacted the Philadelphia Change Center. Confirmed with the Philadelphia Change Center that the twins have been added to PA Medical Assistance. Mother plans to enroll the twins in Keystone First. 


Social worker met with mother and maternal grandmother at bedside in the NICU on 3/20/23 with the assistance of a Spanish video interpreter. Mother had a WIC appointment. We discussed that the twins will receive a WIC referral form at discharge to receive formula from WIC. Social worker will follow up to provide maternal grandmother with food assistance resources given recent changes to SNAP benefits. We discussed applying for SSI benefits for the twins. Offered to email mother instructions on the SSI application process and to assist with the application process as needed. No other immediate social work needs identified. 


Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
3/20/2023	10:51 AM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Boy B Jeidi Delcid-Delcid
Patient MRN: 56962018
Patient DOB: 2/27/2023


Today's Date: 3/17/2023
Admission Date: 3/6/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 6.
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: Meal vouchers provided due to limited financial resources for mother to purchase food in the cafeteria. Mother visits twin brother at HUP in the mornings and Gael in the afternoons at CHOP.  


Additional comments:  






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 3/20/2023	10:51 AM 




