					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Erik Severiano
CHOP MRN#: 56968763
DOB:  2/28/2023


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 03/20/23 12:54 
Admission/Appointment Date 03/17/23 
Referral Date 03/17/23 
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Resource Needs;Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: ICU 
Primary Service: Neonatal 
Consulting Service: Otolaryngology 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 03/20/23 12:54 
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);CHILDREN IN THE HOME 
Parent Information: Erik is the fourth child born to his intact parents, Prisca and Frederico, who live with Erik's 7 year old, 12 year old and 15 year old siblings in Norristown, PA (about 35 minutes from CHOP). Mother is a stay-at-home parent. Father is employed and is currently working. Parents are Spanish-speaking. 
Children in the home Information: 4: patient and his 7 year old, 12 year old and 15 year old siblings. 
School Status OTHER 
Other School Status Comment: N/A: patient is an infant. 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 03/20/23 12:54 
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Parents: Prisca Severiano and Frederico Cruz-Reyes. 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 03/20/23 12:54 
Mental Health NO 
Home Environment: NOT ASSESSED 
Home Environment not assessed comment: Social worker will assess. 
CPS Involvement NO 
Housing instability NO 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues NO 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PARENT 
Parent Strengths Mother is active in care and care planning, has a good understanding of the medical plan, is able to articulate her needs. 
Parent Stressors Unanticipated ICU-level hospitalization, balancing caring for siblings at home and visiting Erik in the hospital, family lives over 30 minutes from CHOP and has transportation difficulties. 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: PUBLIC ASSISTANCE/SSI 
Public assistance/SSI comment: Mother has submitted an application for PA Medical Assistance for Erik. Family is receiving SNAP benefits and is connected with WIC benefits. 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 03/20/23 12:54 
Resource Needs Problem: TRANSPORTATION;INSURANCE;ACCESS TO FOOD 
Goal - Insurance Erik will be added to PA Medical Assistance. 
Intervention/Plan - Insurance Mother submitted a PA Medical Assistance application for Erik after birth. She is still waiting to receive his insurance card in the mail. Mother noted that the County Assistance Office requested a copy of Erik's Social Security card, which the family has not yet received. Social worker offered to assist with sending any requested documentation to the CAO if needed. 
Goal - Access to food Family will have access to food during Erik's unanticipated NICU hospitalization. 
Intervention/Plan - Access to food Family is receiving SNAP and WIC benefits. Parents did not anticipate Erik's hospitalization. Mother has been staying at bedside and does not have transportation to return home. Meal vouchers provided to assist with access to food during Erik's hospitalization. 
Goal- Transportation Family will have transportation home from the hospital once Erik is stable for discharge. 
Intervention/Plan - Transportation Mother has been staying at bedside while Erik has been hospitalized in the NICU. Mother noted that she and Erik will need assistance with transportation home to Norristown once Erik is stable for discharge as family does not have a vehicle or a ride. 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 03/20/23 12:54 
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Family will be oriented to the CHOP NICU. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization Provided information about the role of the NICU social worker, NICU team structure. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 03/20/23 12:54 
Relationships/Behavior Problems NONE IDENTIFIED 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 03/20/23 12:54 
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;NURSING;SOCIAL WORK;CASE MANAGER 
Time Spent (min) 60 min 
Acuity  Level 3 


Social worker met with mother at bedside in the NICU with the assistance of a Spanish phone interpreter. Mother is coping as well as can be expected considering Erik's unanticipated NICU admission. Mother shared stressors related to childcare for Erik's older siblings as mother has been present at the hospital with Erik and father is the sole household income earner. Parents are hoping to know what Erik's timeline to discharge will be so they can plan. Social worker offered to assist with transportation home once Erik is stable for discharge. No other immediate social work needs identified. 


Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 


Alexandra M Pomar
1:30 PM
3/20/2023


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Erik Severiano
Patient MRN: 56968763
Patient DOB: 2/28/2023


Today's Date: 3/20/2023
Admission Date: 3/17/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 2.
Reason for Disbursement: Unforseen/emergent admission-no available resources




Additional comments:  Family lives in Norristown, PA. Mother is staying at bedside. Parents do not have a vehicle for transportation to and from the hospital. Father is at home with siblings and unable to come to the hospital. Family has limited financial resources and was not able to plan for this unforeseen admission. Meal vouchers provided so that family may have access to food while Erik is hospitalized. 






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 3/20/2023	1:52 PM 






