SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 3/21/2023 1114)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
• Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
• Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors
• Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
• Refer to Child Life, Creative Arts and Music Therapies, Spiritual Care and BHIP when appropriate



Progress:  LSW met patient mother at the bedside per patient mother`s request. Patient mother participated in cares with bedside nurse prior to LSW arriving to bedside. Patient mother held Camari as Camari slept.



LSW assessed patient mother`s coping and provided healthy coping mechanism for patient mother to utilize while Camari remains hospitalized. Due to patient mother`s affect and LSW`s psychosocial assessment, LSW provided therapeutic supportive counseling. Extensive therapeutic supportive counseling provided to address hospital-related stressors.


Patient mother supported with hospital-related stressors. LSW communicated hospital-related stressors to appropriate staff to address and support patient and patient family. 


A plan of care update via phone with the attending on service was requested by patient mother. Attending on service, Dr. Kathryn Maschhoff will review repositioning of Camari by nursing as well as other topics during POC phone update.


LSW looped in developmental supports, CLS, Developmental Psychologist, and OT to support patient and patient mother. 


LSW addressed Angel Eye concern with nursing to ensure patient mother has appropriate access.



Patient mother thanked LSW.



Patient mother will inform LSW when she would like to have more protected time to gain therapeutic supportive counseling.




Plan: 
LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
3/21/2023	11:15 AM
