					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Grayson Roberts
CHOP MRN#: 56959162
DOB:  6/25/2014


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 03/23/23 11:47 
Admission/Appointment Date 03/20/23 
Referral Date 03/23/23 
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment;Adjustment to hospitalization 
Patient Location: Inpatient 
Primary Service: Cardiology 
Consulting Service: Infectious Diseases;Pulmonary 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 03/23/23 11:47 
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);CHILDREN IN THE HOME 
Parent Information: Grayson lives with his mother Jennifer in Bolivar, MO. Jennifer is currently unemployed. 
Children in the home Information: Grayson has an 18 year old and 16 year old sister, as well as an 8 month old niece. 
School Status HOMEBOUND 
Homebound Comment: Grayson is homeschooled, at grade level 2-3. 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 03/23/23 11:47 
Custody documentation: REPORT OF CUSTODY ORDER BUT NOT PROVIDED AT THIS TIME 
Comment Mom reports having primary custody of Grayson and other children, however dad does have some custodial rights. Dad is incarcerated and per mom, has not attempted to contact her or any of the hospitals throughout Grayson's admissions 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Mother, Jennifer Spain 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 03/23/23 11:47 
Mental Health YES 
Mental Health Comment: Grayson has exhibited symptoms of PTSD and anxiety throughout his hospitalization. C/f depression per OSH notes. Mom also with history of anxiety/panic attacks. 
Home Environment: NO 
CPS Involvement NO 
Housing instability NO 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse YES 
Substance Abuse comment: Mom reports remote history of methamphetamine use. Has been sober for over a decade. Father with history of IVDU. 
Legal Issues YES 
Legal Issues comment: Father currently incarcerated for attempted murder, facing 25 years - life. 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PATIENT;PARENT 
Patient Stressors Grayson has a significant familial trauma history and has experienced medical traumatization throughout his childhood. Grayson is in an unfamiliar environment at CHOP/Philadelphia with unfamiliar providers. 
Patient Strengths Grayson connects well with child life and social work staff. Grayson enjoys playing video games and board games and is able to regulate himself with trauma informed coping techniques. Mom serves as excellent support for Grayson. 
Parent Strengths Jennifer is very knowledgable about Grayson's medical concerns and plan. Jennifer has a past employment history in nursing and understands his diagnosis well. She is very involved in Grayson's care. She has significant family support through her parents and other family members. 
Parent Stressors Jennifer has a significant trauma history with compounding life stressors in addition to caring for a critically ill child. Jennifer has limited income as she recently lost her job and is unable to work while caring for Grayson. Family remains home in Missouri while Jennifer and Grayson are in Philadelphia. 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 03/23/23 11:47 
Resource Needs Problem: HOUSEHOLD FINANCES;ACCESS TO FOOD 
Goal - Household Finances SW will continue working with SLCH SW and family to explore available assistance options 
Intervention/Plan - Household Finances Collaborate with SLCH SW on local grants family has been referred to, explore eligibility for Open Doors 
Goal - Access to food SW will continue to support mom's ability to access food for self 
Intervention/Plan - Access to food Provide weekly meal vouchers and donated gift cards to supplement income during admission to CHOP 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 03/23/23 11:47 
Adjustment Problems EXPOSURE TO TRAUMA;ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization SW will continue to support family 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization SW to check in regularly and provide emotional support to family throughout hospitalization 
Goal - Exposure to Trauma SW will continue to collaborate with multidisciplinary staff in creating trauma-informed environment 
Intervention/Plan - Exposure to Trauma Work with CCLS and psychology teams to support patient throughout stay, provide recommendations to provider teams on trauma-informed medical care for pt 











Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 03/23/23 11:47 
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;PATIENT;CHILD LIFE;FRONT LINE CLINICIAN;NURSING;OUTSIDE PROVIDERS;PSYCHOLOGY;SOCIAL WORK 
Outside Providers comment: SW spoke with SLCH SW Alli Anth regarding family prior to admission 
Time Spent (min) 60 min 
Acuity  Level 3 


SW checked in with mom during pt's procedure, spoke at length regarding pt's familial situation and concerns with adjustment to hospitalization. Mom states dad has not attempted to contact her or SLCH since admission, however he does have some custodial rights to pt. He has a sentencing hearing in April. Mom reports much improved communication since transfer to CHOP and overall better experience. SW will continue to support family.








Taylor Goldberg
12:08 PM
3/23/2023
