SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing




Progress: LSW spoke with Gisselle's mother on the phone with the assistance of Spanish Interpretalk Interpreter. The patient's parents plans to be at the bedside in the afternoon and would like to speak with the medical team about the care plan. The SSI interview has been rescheduled for 3/27/23. The patient's mother has the required information for the interview.


Attending Danielle Callaway MD, FLC Christina Defelice PA-C, and LSW met with the patient's parents at the bedside with the assistance of VRI Spanish Interpreter. The medical team provided a medical update and answered parent's questions.  Parents were made aware that Gisselle may need respiratory support at home but it is unknown if she will require a tracheostomy at this time. Given Gisselle's long hospitalization, she may not feed by mouth and could require a G tube. Once the patient tolerates 5L HFNC and is transitioned to full NG feeds, Complex Care will be consulted. 


The medical team informed parents that the patient is medically stable and if mom would like to visit Mexico, it would be an appropriate time. 


The patient's parents asked thoughtful and appropriate questions demonstrating their understanding of the care plan.


LSW met with the patient's parents following the bedside meeting to provide support and assess coping. Parents continue to cope well given the circumstances and are able to articulate needs. The patient's mother shared that she does not feel comfortable returning to Mexico to visit until a decision has been made on a tracheostomy.


LSW provided emotional support and validated parents experience while meeting with them at the bedside.  




Plan: LSW will continue to follow and provide support. 




Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
3/24/2023	4:25 PM
