Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaseen K Algarhy 
Date of Birth:  8/7/2008 
MRN:  55118447


Progress: SW met with Mom at the bedside this afternoon with an Arabic Interpreter via Interpretalk. 


Mom expressed at length her thinking and decision making process when thinking about Yaseen's discharge plan. Mom expressed that she does not feel that she is able to continue to care for Yaseen 24/7, as she has done over the course of his life. Mom expressed feeling that even if she pushes herself to do so, so that Yaseen can come home and be discharged, she would not provide him the care he needs and deserves and that greatly worries her. Mom shared thoughts of being a bad mom for feeling this way. SW and Mom discussed that, although they feel blended together, being Yaseen's nurse and being Yaseen's mother are two different roles and her inability to continue to be his nurse does not reflect on her as a mother. SW discussed the strength in Mom knowing her limitations and capacity. By the end of our conversation, Mom expressed feeling less guilt.


At this time, Mom would like Yaseen to go to a LTCF. SW discussed the denials and feedback we have gotten from facilities thus far due to Yaseen's 1:1 needs. SW offered to discuss this further with CM, given that Mom does not feel that she can take Yaseen home at this time. Mom shared that her long term goal is to transition Yaseen back to home, but Mom does not feel that she is able to at this time. Mom discussed that even if staffed, nurses will call out and even with school set up, Yaseen often does not sleep at night and then must stay home due to not being able to sleep at school. Thus, school does not consistently provide the support and respite she needs. Mom advocated for the importance of the LTCF being able to provide the care Yaseen needs. Mom would like to tour any potential places, which SW encouraged.


Mom also discussed her ongoing mental health struggles. Mom reached out to her insurance last week and they are searching for an Arabic speaking therapist, but have not found one yet. Mom asked if CHOP Psychologist will be following up with her again. SW offered to reach out and ask. SW emphasized the importance of connecting with an outpatient provider, which Mom agreed with and continues to work on.


Mom has not called IDS Intake Coordinator yet, but agreed to call tomorrow. 


Plan: SW will discuss Mom's goals with the team tomorrow and support the team and family in identifying a safe disposition plan for Yaseen. SW will reach out to BHIP Psychologist.


Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


3/30/2023            5:39 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: When out-of-home setting is indicated, patient will be discharged/transferred to a care setting that supports care needs
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have access to needed in-home services
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 3/30/2023 1738)
Resource Needs - Intervention - In-home services: Assess patient's insurance status/waiver eligibility (provide patient/family/caregiver with information to apply for needed benefits including referral to Family Health Coverage Program as needed  OR relevant waiver programs)



