SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing



Progress:  On 3/30/23 LSW met with Leo's father at the bedside to provide supportive counseling. LSW collaborated with the patient's father to identify strategies to reduce stressors.  Patient's father shared that he experiences an increase in anxiety and stress while at the hospital. LSW validated the patient's father's experience and identified strategies to implement into daily routine to address the symptoms of stress. The patient's father verbalized his appreciation of social work support. 


LSW met with the patient's mother at the bedside today to discuss a visitation request. Per Nursing Leadership, a one time exception can be made to allow for maternal grandfather and step grandmother to visit on Sunday 4/2/23. On 4/3/23 maternal aunt and maternal grandmother can be put back on the visitor list. The patient's mother was made aware that this was a one time exception. Leo's mother shared her appreciation. 


Plan:  LSW will continue to follow and provide support. 




Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required





Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
3/31/2023	4:36 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Boy Kimara Locke
Patient MRN: 56912007
Patient DOB: 10/11/2022


Today's Date: 3/31/2023
Admission Date: 11/3/2022




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Gas Cards: 1.




Additional comments:  Patient's father needed assistance returning home to Trenton, NJ. LSW provided the patient's father with a gift card to assist with transportation. Patient's father was made aware that no additional transportation resources could be provided in the future given the history of resource dispersement. Patient's father verbalized understanding. 




Electronically signed: Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW 3/31/2023	4:53 PM 




