					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Yaribeth Pabon
CHOP MRN#: 56963221
DOB:  1/22/2010


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 04/04/23  
Admission/Appointment Date 03/01/23 
Referral Date 04/04/23 
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: Inpatient 
Primary Service: Complex Care: Yellow 
Consulting Service: Pulmonary;REHAB Medicine 
Assessment Type Reassessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 04/04/23  
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);RELATIVE(S);OTHER 
Parent Information: Yaribeth lives with her mother in Trenton, NJ. Mom had previously worked (for 23 years), but her job got interrupted during COVID. Mom has been unable to work since due to her health. 
Relative Information: Maternal Aunt also lives in the home. Maternal aunt helps Mom care for Yaribeth. 
Other Information: Mom shared that an older man also lives in the home to help pay for the rent. 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 04/04/23  
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Mom. 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 04/04/23  
Mental Health NO 
Home Environment: NO 
CPS Involvement NO 
Housing instability YES 
Housing instability comment: Mom is looking to move due to ongoing issues with mice in her home and needing a more appropriate space for her and Yaribeth. Mom is actively looking, PICU SW provided housing resources. 
Food insecurity YES 
Food insecurity comment: Mom applied for EBT and got one payment, and has not received anything since then. Mom attempted to go to the CAO today, but they advised her that she needed to complete a form, but she was unable to complete this without assistance and they denied her assistance. SW to troubleshoot this with Mom. Mom has limited access to food. 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues NO 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PARENT 
Parent Strengths Mom displays being a dedicated, loving caregiver to Yaribeth, Mom is active and engaged in pt care, Mom communicates questions and concerns well, Mom open to support and communicates openly when support is needed, Mom able to navigate to challenging systems and resources and asks for support when needed, Mom motivated to ensure Yaribeth has access to the care and supports she needs. 
Parent Stressors Mom's health, current housing situation, signficant financial strain, getting access to public benefits 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: PUBLIC ASSISTANCE/SSI;TRANSPORTATION 
Transportation comment: Mom does not drive. Mom's niece does not live nearby, but drives Mom places she needs to go. 
Public assistance/SSI comment: Yaribeth receives SSI ($300/month). Mom attempted to apply for SSI for herself and was unsuccessful (see food insecurity comment above). SW will troubleshoot these issues with Mom. 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 04/04/23  
Resource Needs Problem: HOUSEHOLD FINANCES;ACCESS TO FOOD;EMPLOYMENT/INCOME;HOUSING 
Goal - Household Finances Family will receive support with household finances this admission. 
Intervention/Plan - Household Finances SW will continue to assess and explore avenues to assist the family financially this admission. SW to apply to ODF, as Mom confirmed she has a landlord and access to the needed documentation for the application. SW to look into other organizations, 
Goal - Housing Family will have needed supports to identify safe housing. 
Intervention/Plan- Housing PICU SW provided housing resources. Mom is actively looking for housing and will keep SW updated with progress and if any additional resources are needed. 
Goal - Access to food Mom will have access to food during this admission. 
Intervention/Plan - Access to food SW will continue to reassess for concrete resources during this admission. SW to assist Mom with obtaining SNAP benefits and will provide information regarding local food pantries. 
Goal - Employment/income Mom will have the needed supports to apply for SSI for herself. 
Intervention/Plan - Employment/income SW will provide Mom with support in applying for SSI so that the family can have monthly income. 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 04/04/23  
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Family will feel supported and cope well during this admission. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization SW will follow the family throughout this admission and provide appropriate resources and referrals. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 03/02/23  
Relationships/Behavior Problems NONE IDENTIFIED 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 04/04/23  
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;NURSING;SOCIAL WORK;CASE MANAGER 
Time Spent (min) 60 min 
Acuity  Level 3 




SW met with Mom at the bedside and introduced self and SW support on Complex Care Gold. Mom familiar with SW support from the PICU.


Mom shared her ongoing challenges with getting public benefits- SSI for herself and SNAP. Mom shared that she went to the CAO today and was told that she needs to complete a W2 form in order to complete the application. Mom requested assistance with completing the form due to her visual disabilities, but was denied assistance. Mom shared that they offered to email her the form, but she didn't have access to a computer or printer. SW offered for Mom to provide this SW email address and SW can print off the application and assist Mom with completing it. Mom in agreement with this plan and will return to the CAO and keep SW updated. 


SW inquired about Mom's living situation. Mom clarified that her and Yaribeth do not share a bedroom. Mom then discussed that while the home has two floors, they both stay in the living room on the first floor due to not being able to carry Yaribeth up the stairs, and for Mom to utilize the steps herself. However, when asked, Mom confirmed again that Yaribeth and her sleep in separate rooms. SW discussed that a home nursing agency would require her to have her own room in order to staff a nurse in the home. Mom understanding. Mom shared she is looking into getting a comfortable chair for the nurse to sit in while caring for Yaribeth. 


Mom also clarified that she has a landlord and pays $1,025/month in rent. SW discussed ODF and Mom is interested in applying. SW to print out the application and work on it together with Mom tomorrow. SW discussed the other documentation that would be needed and the application deadline. Mom confirmed she has already paid April rent. The rental grant would be for May.


Mom looking into identifying new housing due to ongoing issues with mice and wanting a more appropriate space for her and Yaribeth. Mom confirmed that her landlord is aware and active in supporting the pest issue and has another exterminator coming out today, but the problem has been persistent over time. SW encouraged Mom to continue to communicate with her landlord.


Mom shared that she has another appointment on Friday and will not be at the bedside this day. 


Plan: SW will revisit the bedside tomorrow to complete the ODF application. SW will also provide SW email address to provide the CAO to assist with getting needed forms for Mom's SSI and SNAP application. SW will closely follow and provide support during this admission.




Emily Baumley
Social Worker
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
Dial: 67273 


Emily K Baumley
4:21 PM
4/4/2023
