 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Ethan Krall
CHOP MRN#: 56953882
DOB:  12/26/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  4/5/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  2:35 PM


Problems: 
Visitation Plan


Progress: 
SW stopped by bedside while patient's foster dad was present and active in care. SW introduced SW and services and assessed for needs at the moment. Foster dad inquired whether the previous SW was able to get in touch with bio mom in regard to the visitation plan. Though foster parents are amenable to leaving bedside if the bio parents are visiting, they would like to make sure bio parents are planning to visit, as the foster parents would like to be present daily when possible.
SW was able to obtain info from foster dad as to what times work best with their visitation and he shared that evenings work best. Often times 5pm-10pm or 6pm-10pm. Foster parents plan to both be present on Good Friday (4/7/23) all day. SW shared that if SW is able to get in touch with bio mom, SW will assess for times that work for bio parents to see what can possibly be worked out.


SW was able to gain contact with bio mom at 2:48pm. Bio mom shared that she plans to travel down Saturday (4/8/23) to visit the patient along with bio dad. Bio mom is unsure of the time due to bio dad being her transportation and he works overnight. Their tentative plan is to come Saturday and stay at a local hotel into Sunday. They then plan to visit Sunday (4/9/2023) morning. Bio mom would like for SW to call tomorrow as she will have additional information in regard to timing.


SW informed foster dad of this schedule and he was ok with the plan.


Plan:
SW will follow up with bio mom tomorrow on her tentative timing.
SW will continue to provide support to patient and family while on the ITCU.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Aisha Evans	
4/5/2023	2:35 PM














