SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 4/5/2023 1545)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
• Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
• Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
• Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors



Progress:  
Patient mother requested that LSW meet her at the bedside for therapeutic support needed. LSW provided therapeutic counseling to patient mother to support her coping with Camari`s medical status and related questions.


LSW team mates, including CLD FLC and attending on service, Dr. Kathleen Gibbs later visited the bedside to speak with patient mother per the outreach of the bedside nurse.


Patient mother gained a medical update and asked thoughtful questions to Dr. Gibbs. Camari is not eligible to trial extubation at this time. Trach was discussed and medical team continues to assess for trach need. Medical team to inform patient mother of official trach recommendation when/if the time arises.


Upon the attending and FLC exiting the room, LSW provided further therapeutic counseling to patient mother to support her processing of the information provided by the attending.


Patient mother attempting to cope with Camari`s hospitalization and continues to utilize coping strategies offered by LSW and external supports.


Patient mother plans to hold Camari while Camari is on her stomach sometime during the week as supported by the assigned bedside nurse to ensure no unplanned extubation occurs.


Patient mother continues to visit regularly and engage in Camari`s developmental therapies.


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Girl Inez Wiggins
Patient MRN: 56907574
Patient DOB: 10/19/2022


Today's Date: 4/6/2023
Admission Date: 11/3/2022




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Parking Passes (#'s): 5.




Additional comments:  


Concrete resources provided after LSW provided thorough concrete need assessment. Patient eligible for reassessment on 4/8/23.


Plan: 
LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
4/5/2023	3:47 PM
