Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaribeth Pabon 
Date of Birth:  1/22/2010 
MRN:  56963221


Progress: SW met with Mom this afternoon. SW and Mom went through the ODF application. SW will transfer this information to the online application. Mom provided SW with landlord's contact information for SW to reach out and obtain needed documentation for the application. Mom will retrieve a utility bill when she goes home after her appointment on Friday and provide it to SW on Monday. Application is due 4/10.


SW provided supportive counseling as Mom shared about her challenges with her health. Mom shared that she was previously healthy and worked two jobs and identified as being an independent woman. In 2020, that suddenly changed when she had a heart attack, followed by heart surgery and a stroke. Mom spoke about this experience and how worried this made her for who would take care of Yaribeth if something happened to her. Mom shared that she finds support in God and talking to others. Mom is not interested in formal counseling. 


Mom also shared with SW that she has a 30yo son who lives nearby, but they are not on speaking terms. Mom shared that he struggles with alcoholism. Mom expressed that while this is hard, ensuring that Yaribeth is safe and taken care of is her priority. 


Mom shared about her life before her health status changed. Mom shared about her deep love for cooking and how much she misses it. Mom is unable to cook like she used to due to her vision impairments. Mom shared about how being "independent" was huge part of her identity and it has been challenging for her to have to rely on others for things she used to be able to do herself, and that she struggles with asking others for help.


Mom shared that Yaribeth's school social worker has been very helpful and supportive to her. Mom denied any other assistance outpatient that she receives. 


Mom further discussed her challenges with accessing SNAP and SSI. Mom shared that she needs to complete the application online. SW offered to look into this and will do it with Mom together.


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW to follow up on SNAP and SSI online application. SW to submit ODF application for a month of rental assistance. 


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


4/5/2023            5:05 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have ongoing access to food to support health and wellbeing
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 4/5/2023 1705)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Ongoing access to food:
• Assess patient's access to food outside of the Hospital environment
• Refer patient/family/caregiver to community-based resources, including food pantries, CAO, Benefits Data Trust
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have needed supports to maintain employment/income
Outcome: Ongoing



