 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Boyofmargaret May
CHOP MRN#: 56927088
DOB:  12/3/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  4/6/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  10:57 AM


Problems: 
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 
Custody/consent  
Luzerne County CYS 


Progress: 


SW was notified by CYS Caseworker Denise Dessoye that she would be visiting 4/5. SW able to meet with Denise at bedside and shared general medical updates. Discussed that hospitalization will continue to be prolonged at this time. 


Aunt (Joyce) shared that she contacted CYS Caseworker Denise for more information about case and had not heard back. SW asked Denise to meet with aunt while visiting today. Denise and aunt had the opportunity to meet (with ASL interpreter by video) and discuss status of case and discharge plans. SW was present and helped share some of aunt's questions. 
Denise confirmed that CYS plans to take custody at discharge and have Messiah go home with aunt. Denise answered questions about legal processes involved including kinship care vs foster care. Denise shared that she can start moving forward with steps related to kinship or foster care including clearance of the home; aunt shared that her home and children were already cleared with a prior CYS caseworker named Trish. Denise agreed to look into this with CYS. 


Aunt (Joyce) also shared questions about SSI process. Aunt shared that mother provided her with Messiah's SS card and SSI application paperwork and asked aunt to complete it. Aunt expressed to SW and CYS that she cannot apply for benefits as she is not the legal guardian. SW asked CYS Caseworker if there can be any assistance offered in applying for the benefits Messiah would qualify for, unclear next steps at this time. CYS Caseworker asked if Messiah has insurance, SW explained that Messiah does have active PAMA listed in chart. SW will follow up.


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW will continue to collaborate with CYS.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
4/6/2023	10:57 AM














