Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaribeth Pabon 
Date of Birth:  1/22/2010 
MRN:  56963221


Progress: SW called and spoke with the family's landlord, Mateo Nicolosi (917-216-6031), and discussed what is needed for ODF application. Landlord very willing to assist and provided his email address for SW to email what is needed and him to provide (mnicolosi133@gmail.com). Landlord replied to SW email and provided a statement needed for ODF. 


SW completed ODF application. SW will submit on Monday when Mom provided a copy of a utility bill.


SW met with Mom at the bedside later in the day. SW relayed the above and reminded Mom to grab a utility bill from her house tomorrow. Mom in agreement. 


Mom shared that she is getting eye surgery on 4/13 on one of her eyes, and will get surgery on the other eye in another month. After the surgery, Mom should be able to see better, which she is very excited about. Mom shared about the meals she is excited to cook again after the surgery. Mom will not be at the bedside for a few days after the surgery as she recovers. Maternal Aunt will be at the bedside with Yaribeth during this time. SW encouraged Mom to take the time she needs to recover, which Mom agreed that she will take things "little by little". 


Mom shared that Maternal Aunt currently living with the family (since July 2022) will be going back to Puerto Rico in May. Mom shared about her relationship with her sister. Per Mom, Maternal Aunt has similar visual impairments as Mom,  Maternal Aunt staying with the family was a huge support to Mom in being able to life Yaribeth out of her wheelchair for her bath, down the stairs for school, etc. Mom expressed that she will need help with lifting Yaribeth from a nurse. Mom shared she will still be able to do her care, bathe her, dress her, etc. The family's home has 3 steps leading up to it. SW asked if Mom would be interested in a ramp. Mom was not aware that this was an option. SW will look into options for a ramp with NJ MA. 


SW let Mom know that SW will be off tomorrow and will return on Monday. Mom confirmed she has meal vouchers for the weekend and has no other needs at this time. 


Plan: SW will submit ODF application on Monday for one month of rent for the family. Mom will need to provide a utility bill to SW. SW will look into options for a wheelchair ramp for the home. SW will meet with Mom next week to submit SNAP application and provide the phone number to call for SSI (NJ Division of Disability Services: 888-285-3036). NJDS will assist Mom with the application and will provide her with a disability lawyer and supports person as she navigates the process. 


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


4/6/2023            1:31 PM


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 4/6/2023 1331)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization: Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 4/6/2023 1331)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Household finances:
• Assess patient/family/caregiver financial resources (income, benefits, resources, etc.)
• Refer patient/family/caregiver to appropriate community-based resources, etc.



