 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Melissa Charlton
CHOP MRN#: 56936743
DOB:  2/2/2023
TODAY'S DATE:  4/7/2023
TODAY'S TIME: 3:22 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  
Covering Social Worker consulted because patient medically ready for discharge however  Nursing reported that after 12hr stay yesterday Nursing felt that Mom could use additional teaching before discharging patient. Nursing reported that they called Mom this morning to see how she thought care teaching went yesterday and Mom agreed that she could use more care teaching with support of Nursing. Social Work called Mom to discuss concerns and Mom again agreed that she would like additional time to learn patient's care. Mom stated that she would be in this evening around 6pm and plans to stay until 10pm so that she can have more time with demonstrating care. Nursing felt that at this time this plan was sufficient and will reassess this evening if Mom should do another 12 hour stay.  Social Work spoke with bedside nurse about NG feeding Pump vs gravity feeds. Nurse shared that gravity feeds are recommended and one less step for parents but if parents feel more comfortable with Pump than patient will go home with pump. Social Work spoke with Case Management to confirm that pump was delivered to bedside. Case Management to follow-up with bedside nurse and explain if patient goes home with pump they will need a few supplies from the unit as a bridge until they get supplies delivered to their home. Family has DHS involvement.Primary Social Work spoke with DHS caseworker Susette Williams (267-357-4106) and informed that patient can be discharged to care of parents and inform DHS  of discharge date. Social Work called DHS worker and left message informing her that patient will be discharged this weekend. Today is a holiday for DHS agency.  Primary Social Work to follow-up with DHS on Monday. No immediate Social Work concerns at this time.




Time Spent: 45 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Charisse Rhone, MSW	
4/7/2023	3:22 PM
























