Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaribeth Pabon 
Date of Birth:  1/22/2010 
MRN:  56963221


Progress: SW met with Mom at the bedside.


Mom provided SW with a utility bill from home. SW submitted ODF application for a May rental grant. 


SW and Mom placed several phone calls together for her upcoming medical appointments and issues with her insurance. SW and Mom also discussed ongoing efforts to obtain SSI. Per Mom, someone named Tara Nicholson will be calling her today to inform her of how to get the papers she needs online. Mom to inform SW when she calls so that SW can pull up the information online with Mom. SW provided SW phone number to Mom.


SW provided organization tools for Mom at the bedside to help keep track of important information.


Mom's surgery is on Friday, 4/14. Mom will need to go home today or tomorrow to pick up eye drops from her local pharmacy. 


SW reassessed for concrete resources as documented below.


Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 6.
Reason for Disbursement: Unforseen/emergent admission-no available resources


Additional comments:  
SW approved 6 meal vouchers through the SWEF for 4/10-4/12. SW will reassess on 4/13. SW delivered vouchers to the bedside.


Addendum 5pm: SW revisited the bedside around 4:30pm to check in with Mom about whether the individual (Tara Nicholson) who was going to call her to assist with getting the paperwork she needed online for SSI called her today. Mom was not at the bedside when SW arrived.


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW will continue to work with Mom on obtaining SSI for herself and SNAP benefits. SW looking into options for obtaining a wheelchair ramp for the family's home. 


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


4/10/2023            9:49 AM


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have ongoing access to food to support health and wellbeing
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 4/10/2023 0948)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Ongoing access to food:
• Assess patient/family/caregiver for eligibility for hospital resources when need for food is emergent and patient is inpatient
• Refer patient/family/caregiver to community-based resources, including food pantries, CAO, Benefits Data Trust
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have needed supports to maintain employment/income
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 4/10/2023 0948)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Household finances:
• Refer patient/family/caregiver to appropriate community-based resources, etc.
• Assess patient/family/caregiver financial resources (income, benefits, resources, etc.)



