Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaribeth Pabon 
Date of Birth:  1/22/2010 
MRN:  56963221


Progress: SW met with Mom at the bedside this afternoon. 


SW and Mom spoke at length about her upcoming surgery and her worries about her ability to continue to care for Yaribeth if the surgery does not help improve her eye sight. Mom shared about her dedication to Yaribeth and being her caregiver.


Mom shared that the medical team earlier discussed considering a LTCF for Yaribeth if Mom is unable to continue to care for her. Mom shared worries about this involving DYFS and getting Yaribeth taken away from her. SW provided clarification on this, which Mom expressed understanding of. Mom relayed that the school filed to DYFS in January/February  when Yaribeth did not come to school for a few days and how worried this made her that she was going to be taken away from her. Mom reports the case has been closed. 


Throughout our conversation, Mom expressed immense worry about her own health and who would take care of Yaribeth if something happened to her. Mom shared that Yaribeth is her whole life and they have never been separated. Mom was tearful as she talked about this. 


SW encouraged Mom to take things one step at a time and to focus on her surgery this Friday and recovering. SW discussed that we can continue to have discussions about Yaribeth discharge plan once we better know what improvement the procedure has provided to Mom's eye sight. SW reiterated that LTCF are an option that many families consider and would not involve removing Yaribeth from her custody, it would only have her live in a place that can provide 24/7 medical care and support to her that Mom is unable to receive at home. 


Mom continued to reiterate throughout our conversation that Yaribeth and making sure she is well cared for is her priority.


SW and Mom called her eye doctor together and finalized what is needed prior to her procedure on Friday.


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW will support the interdisciplinary team and Mom with establishing a safe discharge plan when Yaribeth is medically cleared.


Time Spent: 210 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


4/11/2023            3:56 PM





Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
4/11/2023 1556 by Baumley, Emily K
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 4/11/2023 1556)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization: Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
4/11/2023 1554 by Baumley, Emily K
Outcome: Ongoing



