 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Girl Georgean Locke
CHOP MRN#: 56978499
DOB:  4/7/2023
TODAY'S DATE:  4/14/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  12:09 PM


Problems: 
Insurance
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 


Progress: 


SW spoke with mother by phone. SW discussed family meeting. Mother shared she is unsure about when she can visit pending father's work schedule as he is primary form of transportation. SW agreed to also connect with father today. Mother noted limited social support system to assist, discussed that primary support is her mother who resides in Jamaica.


SW contacted father by phone. Father shared that he is working but is able to step out to take phone calls as needed. Father shared the latest updates he received around cardiac status, had limited information on additional testing and discussions. SW relayed this to primary team to support communication. 


Family communication: Mother presents with some intellectual disability and has diagnosed DiGeorge Syndrome. Father expressed that sometimes mother receives information and shares it with him in a way that 'doesn't make sense.' Father shared that he feels mother 'doesn't grasp some concepts' which can make sharing medical updates challenging. SW discussed that we can support including father in medical updates/conversations. SW inquired if there are additional family members that parents wish to include in medical conversations, and parents declined.


SW confirmed family meeting for next week including Genetics and Immunology teams next Thursday 4/20 at 1pm.


Insurance: Father confirmed that pt will be added to PAMA Keystone First. Also discussed that father has insurance through his employer and wishes to add baby to both plans. Father shared that birth certificate will be required for him to add baby to his policy to confirm paternity. SW requested that father provide insurance information once baby is added, father agreed. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
4/14/2023	12:09 PM














