Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaribeth Pabon 
Date of Birth:  1/22/2010 
MRN:  56963221


Progress: SW met with Mom at the bedside this afternoon. 


SW and Mom reviewed the SSI letter she got in the mail and contacted her SSI coordinator. We discussed what was needed to complete her application. SSI faxed questionnaires to SW for Mom to complete. SW and Mom called her doctors offices to obtain their fax numbers to provide to SSI so they can send a request for records to those offices for Mom's application. SW and Mom will complete SSI forms and follow up with SSI tomorrow.


SW and Mom also spoke with Yaribeth's discharge plan. Mom was tearful throughout the conversation as she talked about the possibility of her and Yaribeth being separated. Mom is understanding of her limitations to taking Yaribeth home right now and the importance of Yaribeth being safe. Mom's biggest concern with taking Yaribeth home is her inability to lift her on her own. Mom feels confident about being able to do all other aspects of care. SW inquired about Mom's vision impairments and ability to turn on the BIPAP machine, etc. Mom expressed that she feels the surgery she just had will help and she will be able to do this. Lifting her remains a concern. 


Mom shared that Janae from Preferred came and spoke with her the other day and shared that they have nurses to staff the case. SW discussed that nurses will call out and there will be open shifts and times when Mom will have to care for Yaribeth alone. SW shared concerns about the safety of this with Mom's inability to lift Yaribeth. Mom stated that she was unaware of call outs. Mom saved Janae's phone number in her phone and asked if we could call her together. Preferred confirmed what SW shared. Preferred shared that they currently have 8 hours approved for Yaribeth, but feel she could qualify for 16 hours of nursing, if submitted, which would be in addition to school. Yaribeth goes to school from 7:30am-3pm. 


SW asked about any other local support people that could assist Mom with Yaribeth's care if a nurse were to call out, such as a neighbor or someone from church. Mom shared that she believes her sister may stay until July now and will be able to help. Mom also identified a local neighbor about 5 houses down who helps her with Yaribeth and watches her when Mom has to run errands. Mom confirmed the neighbor would have no trouble lifting Yaribeth. SW encouraged Mom to think of local support people who may be able to serve as back ups for when nurses call out and to reaching out to them to ask if they would be able to help. SW discussed that the medical team would likely want to know more about these support people and ensure we have an established safety plan in place prior to moving forward with this plan. SW discussed that we will have to have more conversations with the interdisciplinary team about any potential discharge plans.


Mom shared that she understands Yaribeth may have to go to a LTCF if Mom is unable to safely care for her at home. Mom's primary concerns with Yaribeth going to a LTCF is that she will be unable to visit her due to not having any means of transportation. Mom also would want to be with Yaribeth every day and would be worried about the LTCF only letting her visit at a scheduled time, or only for one hour. SW discussed that SW is unsure of Children's Specialized's visitation policies, but does know that Mom would not be able to sleepover. Mom is okay with that, but again expressed concerns about how she would be able to go and see Yaribeth. SW discussed the LTCF being a bridge to home as Mom completes her eye procedures and identifies longer term support. Mom was understanding of this and expressed the importance of her taking the time to ensure she is her best and strongest self for Yaribeth. 


Mom expressed that this is an extremely challenging and emotional decision for her and she will need a lot of time to think about it. Mom shared that she understands she needs to think of what is best for Yaribeth. 


Addendum 4:30pm: SW met with Mom at the bedside briefly and dropped off the questionnaires and established a plan to meet tomorrow.


Mom shared that she spoke with the school SW this afternoon and she would like to talk to this SW with Mom tomorrow. SW agreed. Mom shared that school SW had a suggestion for a placement close to Yaribeth's home. Mom reiterated "I want to make sure I do what is best for Yaribeth so that she is taken care of until I am better". SW validated the weight of this decision and that we will continue to support Mom in deciding a good, safe discharge plan for Yaribeth.


Plan: SW will meet with Mom tomorrow morning to complete SSI questionnaires, call SSI, and talk with School SW.


Time Spent: 240 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


4/18/2023            2:24 PM


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have needed supports to maintain employment/income
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: When out-of-home setting is indicated, patient will be discharged/transferred to a care setting that supports care needs
Outcome: Ongoing



