Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaribeth Pabon 
Date of Birth:  1/22/2010 
MRN:  56963221


Progress: SW met with Mom at the bedside throughout today. 


Discharge Plan: SW and Mom discussed Yaribeth's discharge plan. Mom continues to think through this decision and what is best for Yaribeth. Mom asked SW questions about the LTCF. Mom wanted to be assured that having Yaribeth go to a LTCF would not mean the state of NJ has custody of her. Mom also asked about visitation. Mom also expressed concerns that because Yaribeth cannot talk, she wants to be sure that she is getting good care there, especially if she can't visit every day due to transportation barriers. Mom expressed that at this time, she is strongly considering doing a LTCF for a few months, while she gets better and her vision improves. Mom would want to take Yaribeth home as soon as she is able. 


School: SW and Mom spoke to Yaribeth's school together (609-570-1120). We spoke with the school SW and the school nurses. We updated her school on how Yaribeth is doing and that we do not have a discharge date. We also discussed that her discharge plan is unknown. The school shared their eagerness to partner with us while Yaribeth is in the hospital. They shared that she has a communication device that they purchased for her and asked if our Speech team would like to utilize it here. They also shared their interest in partnering with our hospital school team. They also extended the school PT's assistance to CHOP PT if they have any questions about putting on her brace. School was previously in communication with PICU CM Susan Pearl and asked questions about the status of home nursing. The school was previously working with Bayada for Yarabeth and shared that they may have nursing for her. 


SW informed Mom that SW will be away from the hospital until May 1. We will complete the SSI questionnaires when SW returns. 


When SW revisited the bedside later in the afternoon, Mom shared that Maternal Aunt was emergently admitted to the hospital and is not doing well. Mom was tearful at the bedside and very worried about her sister. Mom is unable to afford a taxi to go and see her. Due to the emergent situation and no available financial resources, SW approved a Lyft ride for Mom to go to the hospital in Trenton to be with her sister. 


Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Other: Round Trip Lyft.
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: Family Member emergent admission to the hospital, no available financial resources


Additional comments:  
SW completed RedCaps form for a Round Trip Lyft to Capital Health Hospital in Trenton NJ (750 Brunswick Avenue Trenton, NJ). SW walked down Mom to the Welcome Desk and ordered the Lyft. SW put in the phone number for the CFF in Mom's phone to call when she is ready to come back. Mom expressed understanding. 


SW assured Mom that our team will update her on Yaribeth while she is with her sister. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow. 


Time Spent: 180 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


4/19/2023            4:31 PM


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 4/19/2023 1630)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization: Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have needed supports to maintain employment/income
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: When out-of-home setting is indicated, patient will be discharged/transferred to a care setting that supports care needs
Outcome: Ongoing



