
Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
4/24/2023 1614 by Huber, Meredith Ann, MSW
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 4/24/2023 1614)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
 Assist patient/family/caregiver in problem-solving for hospitalization-related stressors
4/24/2023 1546 by Huber, Meredith Ann, MSW
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 4/24/2023 1546)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization: Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE










Progress:  
Family meeting held today with patient's mother and father, NIICU team, IRP and Esophageal Atresia Team. The medical teams provided a detailed medical update on patient's plan of care.  Parents asked thoughtful questions that reflected their understanding of patient's current prognosis and possible long term outcomes. 
The IRP team discussed that patient has lost about 75% of her bowel and that she will likely require TPN long term with the potential to need PN for the rest of her life.  ( See IRP note for more detail) Parents stated this update was not unexpected and they are willing to take care of her ostomy and PN for as long as she needs. Parents expressed that they are happy to see patient without a breathing tube and today was the first time they got to see her sit up and hear her make sounds. 
The EAT team also provided updates on plans for future procedures.


SW met with parents after the meeting to provide emotional support and counseling. Parents were able to discuss the emotional impact patient's hospitalization has had on them.  Parents are currently living with patient's 2 year old brother,  patient's  paternal grandmother and father's six siblings who are all under the age of 18. Father is now working full time at a restaurant and is off on Sundays and Mondays.  Parents are hopeful that they will be able to get their own place prior to patient's discharge as they understand that she will be coming home with equipment and need for nursing . Patient's grandmother has a new car and she has been able to drive parents to the hospital. 


Mother requested a referral to psychology services for additional support.  SW asked FLC to place consult. 
No current safety issues reported. 


Parents were open and receptive to SW support and learning from the medical team.


SW applied for gas card from Harp's Hope. Parents stated they plan to visit again next Monday.


No additional issues/concerns reported at this time. 




Plan: 
On going SW Heather Ousley to continue to follow and provide support/resources as needed


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Meredith Ann Huber, MSW	
4/24/2023	4:17 PM
