 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Syamin Salomon
CHOP MRN#: 56980348
DOB:  4/12/2013
TODAY'S DATE:  4/25/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  3:34 PM


Problems: 
Finances, Language differences and Transportation
Hospitalization, Diagnosis and Coping with illness/disability 
Behavioral health 


Progress: 


SW attempted to reach father yesterday without success, received return text in evening. SW coordinated via text to speak with father this afternoon. SW called with Interpretalk Haitian Creole interpreter 257330 and spoke to father at length to complete additional assessment and offer ongoing support. 


SW discussed Syamin's current communication, verbalization, and ongoing assessment of baseline and behavior vs neurological changes. 
Father shared that when he visited last weekend with aunt and cousin, Syamin 'talked a lot' and was similar to his baseline. Father shared that he felt Syamin was much improved over the weekend. Again shared that he 'does not talk much' in general. Father stated that Syamin spoke to family in full sentences when visiting in Haitian Creole.
SW inquired about Syamin's communication in school. Father shared that when initially starting school, school reported that Syamin would not speak much, if at all. Father shared that Syamin did not receive any therapies, was in ESL classes to support learning English, and over time improved.
SW also discussed current use of diapers and confirmed that Syamin was not using them prior to hospitalization. SW touched base with Child Life and encouraged further discussion with nursing. SW will also connect with therapies (PT/OT/ST) to collaborate in supporting Syamin and family. Father shared that he has heard that Syamin will require ongoing rehabilitation and is open to discussing benefits of rehab at CHOP if recommended.


SW encouraged father to come back in during the week to meet with providers, discuss next steps in medical plans, and assist with establishing further assessment of baseline to support Syamin's ongoing recovery. Father in agreement though in need of transportation assistance. SW approved transportation as noted below. 
Father will arrive at 2:30-3:00p tomorrow (Wednesday).


Family communication:
SW assessed ways to support phone communication. Father reports that he does not have good phone service at his work location, also reported recent difficulty getting through with CHOP Speaks Your Language last two days, was able to utilize successfully last week. SW offered to coordinate timing for updates and will reach out to Language Services for additional support.
Father works until 3:30p, also with break from 12-1p.


Housing: 
SW also assessed housing status further. Father confirmed that they currently reside with family (paternal grandmother, paternal aunt, and cousin) and that pt and father share a room. Father shared that the family will need to re-locate in July because the owner sold the residence they are in. 
Father hopeful to find affordable housing for himself, pt, and paternal grandmother in near future. SW discussed connecting with a program to assist with multiple needs, father amenable and appreciative of referral.


Immigration:
SW working to connect family with additional support with immigration needs. Father has previously shared family has been applying for mother to come to US. SW drafted letter of support to submit to embassy, discussed its limitations and encouraged father to connect with additional assistance with referrals from SW. SW has contacted HIAS-PA. SW also connected with CARC (info below) who can assist further with referrals and financial support. 


Program referral:
SW communicated with Ana Jezidzic, Program Manager at Community Affairs and Resource Center (CARC) in NJ. SW confirmed the CARC can provide various services including interpretation, assistance with applications for benefits, housing support, and more. CARC stated that they can connect family with an immigration attorney and/or agency and may be able to offer financial assistance with this as well. CARC willing to contact father directly and has staff who speak Haitian Creole. Father in agreement.


Next steps:
--Family to connect with CARC who will complete assessment and provide support and referrals, including housing and immigration attorney/agency.
--Father to visit tomorrow and will meet with teams and support further assessment of pt's baseline.
--SW will continue to work with family closely and support connection to outside referrals. 


Plan: As above. SW will continue to follow.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
4/25/2023	3:34 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Syamin Salomon
Patient MRN: 56980348
Patient DOB: 4/12/2013


Today's Date: 4/25/2023
Admission Date: 4/12/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Cab Vouchers (#'s): Round-trip Lyft.




Additional comments:  Father reports transportation needs to be able to visit during the week, limited resources. Teams requesting to meet with father. SW approved round-trip Lyft transportation. 




Electronically signed: Melissa Greberman 4/25/2023














