 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   PACT SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Girl A-Lashay Stevens
CHOP MRN#: 56912936
DOB:  10/31/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  4/26/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  8:53 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization, Coping with illness/disability and Treatment 


Progress: Family meeting held with both parents (LaShay and Tahir), maternal grandmother, PICU, Neurology, Pulmonary, Complex Care and PACT.  Primary Intensivist MD Fowler provided a medical update about Aubree and asked parents to share their thoughts about Aubree's current status.  Parents shared several concerns/frustrations and feel that Aubree is stuck here in the hospital. They worry about how lengthy this hospitalization has been and are concerned she is not able to do things like go outside which they wonder if could help her improve.  Teams shared their concerns about Aubree being on long term bipap especially since she hasn't been able to wean.  Team shared why it would be unsafe to take Aubree outside while she is on bipap given that the mask shifts from her nose/face easily and concern she wouldn't be getting the respiratory support she needs.  We have also seen how fragile Aubree is when she doesn't get enough support or when she has a fever.  Teams shared why a tracheostomy may be beneficial for Aubrey especially in the family's goals of getting to discharge while also recognizing all that this intervention would bring and the many ways it would change Aubree and their family's life.  Family is open to meeting with ENT nurse practitioner and shared that they have been talking together over the past couple of days.  LaShay shared that they would want to move forward with a tracheostomy and would hope it could be done in the near future so that they could start to work on their training.  


Plan: PACT SW will continue to assess needs and provide support in conjunction with picu sw Weiss.


Time Spent: 90 minutes




Dana Dombrowski, MSW, LSW
Social Worker
Pediatric Advanced Care Team (PACT)
267-426-0178
Pager #19308




Electronically signed:
Dana Dombrowski, MSW	
4/26/2023	8:53 PM














