					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Madison-Grace Deane
CHOP MRN#: 56854855
DOB:  12/11/2013


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 04/24/23  
Admission/Appointment Date 04/23/23 
Referral Date 04/23/23 
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: ICU 
Primary Service: Cardiology 
Consulting Service: Infectious Diseases 
Assessment Type Reassessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 04/24/23  
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);OTHER;CHILDREN IN THE HOME 
Parent Information: Jayde Walburn (maiden name Deane) recently married Sean Walburn. Family lives in Selinsgrove, PA. Jayde is employed as a waitress and Sean is employed as a lab tech. 
Children in the home Information: 13yo and 10yo brothers (maternal half-sib) 
Other Information: Father- Robert Clarke resides in Florida. Robert owns his own business. 
School Status GRADE 
Grade Comment: 2nd grade at Selinsgrove School District- Elementary; parents report missed significant schooling due to health condition; family expressed interest in homebound instruction and referrals for therapies after hospitalization 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 04/24/23  
Custody documentation: REPORT OF CUSTODY ORDER BUT NOT PROVIDED AT THIS TIME 
Comment Family previously had court processes around custody. Parents report no custody paperwork and that both have come to agreement of shared custody. 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Biological mother and father both report they have consenting rights. 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 04/24/23  
Mental Health YES 
Mental Health Comment: Jayde (mother) reports history of anxiety and depression, prior hx DV and substance use, reports sober for over 5 years, currently engaged with providers and takes medication. 
Home Environment: NO 
CPS Involvement YES 
CPS involvment comment: Previous- not current. Madison was previously removed from mother's care ~6yrs ago and placed  in the care of her biological father. Returned to mother's care in 3/2022 and continues to reside with mother and step-father. Parents report shared custody. 
Housing instability NO 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues NO 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PARENT 
Parent Strengths Parents are attentive to care needs and engaged with ongoing care plans, parents report improved ability to communicate with one another, 
Parent Stressors Critical illness, ongoing chronic illnesses 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: PUBLIC ASSISTANCE/SSI;RELIGIOUS/SPIRITUAL 
Religious/spiritual comment: Referred to spiritual care 
Public assistance/SSI comment: SSI approved 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 04/24/23  
Resource Needs Problem: HOUSEHOLD FINANCES;LOCAL ACCOMODATIONS 
Goal - Household Finances Family will connect with available resources to maintain financial stability during unexpected hospitalization. 
Intervention/Plan - Household Finances SW will connect family with resources and provide concrete resource assistance as appropriate. Meal and parking vouchers provided. 
Goal - Local Accommodations Family will access available resources to meet needs for local accommodations. 
Intervention/Plan- Local Accommodations Family requesting to stay bedside and in CICU sleep rooms, or Jayde also returning home briefly. SW reviewed RMH and local hotels with discount. 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 04/24/23  
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Family will access resources to support coping and adjustment throughout hospitalization. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization SW will collaborate with multidisciplinary team to support the family. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 04/24/23  
Relationships/Behavior Problems NONE IDENTIFIED 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 04/24/23  
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;CASE MANAGER;CHILD LIFE;NURSING;SOCIAL WORK;FRONT LINE CLINICIAN 
Time Spent (min) 60 min 
Acuity  Level 3 


SW continues to follow. Family continues to be present at bedside daily. 


Madison resides with her mother (Jayde), step-father (Sean), and 2 brothers in Selinsgrove, PA nearly 3 hours from CHOP. Jayde shared that she recently obtained a new job as a waitress at Longhorn Steakhouse 2 weeks prior to hospital stay, does not have FMLA benefits at this time.
Father (Robert) travelled from FL due to critical status and plans to stay for at least 1 week. 


SW assessed prior history of child protection involvement. Jayde shared that Madison was previously removed from her care due to DV in the home (not with bio father or current step-father). Jayde shared that she had psychological difficulties following removal of Madison, leading to psychiatric hospitalization and substance use. Jayde reports that she has been sober for 5 years and has much improvement in her mental health and coping. SW encouraged Jayde to reach out if interested or in need of additional support during the hospitalization. 


SW referred to spiritual care for additional support. Family shared that they have heard about PACT and are familiar with palliative care supports. Jayde shared that she is not sure if she wants 'to keep doing this' to Madison 'if she is not going to get better.' Jayde shared that she heard that Fontan revision could be an option for Madison. Jayde shared that she is awaiting to hear if further treatments could potentially improve her status. SW reviewed PACT services and will collaborate in supporting Madison and family.


SW will continue to follow.


Melissa Greberman, LCSW
11:03 AM
5/1/2023
