Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaribeth Pabon 
Date of Birth:  1/22/2010 
MRN:  56963221


Progress: SW met with Mom at the bedside this afternoon. 


Mom updated SW on Yaribeth's transfer to the PICU and back to CC Gold. Mom also assured SW that her sister is doing better and is home from the hospital. SW provided supportive counseling surrounding these stressful events. Mom also shared that she had additional health issues of her own come up last week, but she has been connected with her doctors and is on a new medication that is helping. Mom shared that part of this is related to stress and we discussed the importance of her getting rest and taking care of herself while Yaribeth is here. Mom in agreement. 


SW and Mom called SSI Case Worker and provided the fax numbers for all of Mom's outpatient offices. SW and Mom will complete and submit the questionnaires tomorrow. 


Mom shared a letter she received in the mail with SW that is a shut off notice for her PSEG. Mom has already went to Mercer County Social Services for utility assistance and completed a form with them. They provided Mom with a phone number to call to set up an appointment to finalize the application, but Mom was unable to read the phone number. SW and Mom called this number together, but was advised that their staff was on lunch. They encouraged us to call back at another time. 


SW shared that Yaribeth's school called the unit last week requesting medical update for her. SW discussed confidentiality and that we will only share information with Mom that she approves. Mom in agreement with us communicating with the school about how Yaribeth is doing. Mom signed an ROI, which SW will upload to the pt's EMR. 


SW assessed for and approved additional resources, as documented below. 


Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 8.
Reason for Disbursement: Unforseen/emergent admission-no available resources


Additional comments:  
SW approved MV through the SWEF due to no family income and this extended admission. Family is eligible for reassessment on 5/5. 


Mom shared that she would like to cut Yaribeth's hair, but is unable to at this time due to her vision. SW discussed salon services and Mom asked that SW place a referral. 


Plan: SW will call pt's school tomorrow to provide brief updates and request information about her communication device and coordinating having it brought to CHOP. SW will meet with Mom tomorrow to complete her SSI questionnaires and call MCSS for utility assistance. 




Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


5/1/2023            4:54 PM


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 5/1/2023 1653)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization:
• Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling
• Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have ongoing access to food to support health and wellbeing
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 5/1/2023 1653)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Ongoing access to food: Assess patient/family/caregiver for eligibility for hospital resources when need for food is emergent and patient is inpatient
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have needed supports to maintain employment/income
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have an education plan in place prior to discharge
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 5/1/2023 1653)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Education plan: Communicate with patient's school to coordinate care, document hospitalization and/or ongoing medical needs as appropriate including need for homebound if appropriate
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have access to needed utilities
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 5/1/2023 1653)
Resource Needs - Intervention - Access to utilities: Provide patient/family/caregiver with information to apply for potential utility support/assistance (LIHEAP, Medical Certifications, Foundation support, etc.)



