SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing



Progress:  Social worker met with mother at bedside in the NICU. Mother shared how she has been coping over the last few weeks. She shared that she is glad that Gael has maintained stability more recently, and reflected on her feelings when Gael had required more support a couple of weeks ago. Mother shared that Gael's twin brother Ivan will most likely be discharging sooner than Gael. While she is glad that Ivan is approaching discharge, she expressed that she wishes that the twins could go home at the same time. Mother has returned to school and is continuing to visit every day. We discussed some current stressors. Supportive counseling provided. Social worker discussed coping strategies to consider. Mother requested Septa passes for transportation assistance during the weekend, which social worker provided. No other immediate social work needs identified. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
5/5/2023	2:39 PM 


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Boy B Jeidi Delcid-Delcid
Patient MRN: 56962018
Patient DOB: 2/27/2023


Today's Date: 5/5/2023
Admission Date: 3/6/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Tokens: 4 Septa passes. .
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: Limited financial resources to purchase Septa passes. 




Additional comments:  Mother does not have income to purchase Septa passes on the weekends. Mother's weekly Septa pass is only valid on weekdays. Septa passes provided to assist with transportation to visit Gael. 






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 5/5/2023	7:07 PM 






