SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing




Progress:  On 5/17/23 a family meeting was held with NICU Attending David Munson MD, FLC Alex Raun MD, Neurology Attending Lauren Beslow MD, Neurology resident Kelly Boylan MD, Neurosurgery Attending Tracy Flanders MD, LSW and Dasher's parents.


Dr. Beslow reviewed Dasher's MRI with parents. Given the abnormalities on the MRI and extreme prematurity, Dasher will likely experience delays in all milestones. The patient will have moderate to severe cerebral palsy, cognitive impairments, visual impairments, hearing impairments, and will be at risk for seizures in the future. Dasher will likely require total care and will need assistance with gross and fine motor skills. 


Dr. Flander's reviewed Dasher's MRI imaging with the parents and explained that at this time CSF diversion would not be done. If Dasher's head circumference goes up drastically an intervention may be considered and discussed at that time. Shunt complications were reviewed with the family and it was explained to parents that is better to wait as much time as possible before providing an intervention. 


Dr. Munson informed parents that Dasher has severe BDP given that he is still intubated. Within the next four to six weeks the hope is that Dasher may be extubated. Dr. Munson provided an overview of the medical needs that Dasher may have at the time of discharge. It is unknown at this time if the patient will require respiratory support but it is likely that he will require a g-tube.


Both parens asked thoughtful questions that demonstrated their understanding of Dasher's medical needs.


LSW met with Dasher's parents today to offer support and assess coping. The patient's parents shared that they understand the difficulties that Dasher may face and they are comfortable with their decision to move forward with care. The patient's parents identified their thoughts and feelings surrounding Dasher's diagnosis. LSW offered emotional support and supportive counseling while meeting with the parents. 




Plan: LSW will continue to follow and provide support.




Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
5/17/2023	3:55 PM
