Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaribeth Pabon 
Date of Birth:  1/22/2010 
MRN:  56963221


Progress: SW received a phone call from Mom's SSI caseworker (Danielle Collins, 862-361-7295) confirming she received the paperwork SW faxed yesterday. SSI CW shared a few questions she has for Mom and that she still needs documentation from two doctors offices of Mom's to process her application. SW provided SW fax number for SSI to fax the documentation request to SW, so SW can provide to Mom to take with her to her next doctor's visits. 


SW met with Mom at the bedside. We discussed the above and the ongoing SSI process. Mom will update SW when she is attending her appts so SW can provide the requests from SSI. 


Mom shared that she felt the visit with Voorhees yesterday went well. Mom shared that she wants to tour the facility. Mom also shared concerns about male staff caring for Yari overnight when Mom is not there. Mom expressed her increased worries with keeping Yari safe since she is not able to talk and tell Mom if someone is hurting her. SW encouraged Mom to talk about these questions and concerns with Voorhees and ask about how they keep their patient's safe and ensure they are getting good, safe care. 


Mom shared that she continues to think and pray about the Orthopedics surgery option. Mom is thinking of the questions she will have for the Ortho surgeon when they are able to meet. Mom is hopeful that she can meet with him next week and would prefer a formal meeting in the Conference Room, like yesterday's. Mom shared that she worries about something bad happening to Yari as a result of the surgery, but feels she cannot make a decision based on a what-if. Mom feels it is important to make a decision for Yari based on what is best for her right now and would mean less suffering and a better life for Yari. 


Yari's school called SW while SW was with Mom and we spoke with Amy Felsher (SW) and Lynn Fraass (PT). SW spoke with them, along with Mom. The school requested updates on Yari and shared questions and concerns. Ultimately, SW suggested we call the school back with CCRN when she returns tomorrow since their questions were regarding the medical plan. The school talked to Yari and she was smiling throughout, as some of the school staff came on the phone to say hi and share how much they miss her. SW and the school discussed potentially setting up a video call on Monday with Yari's favorite teacher, Mr. Patrick. Mom was very excited about this idea.


The school sent SW pictures of Yari doing PT. SW added the pictures to the EMR. Mom requested that SW take a picture of Yari and send it to the school so they can see how she has grown since they last saw her. 


Mom left the hospital this afternoon for an appointment she has tomorrow. Mom will return on Saturday.


Plan: SW will continue to follow. SW will talk with the school, along with CCRN, tomorrow at 8:30/45am. 


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


5/17/2023            4:13 PM


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver will have needed supports to maintain employment/income
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: When out-of-home setting is indicated, patient will be discharged/transferred to a care setting that supports care needs
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have an education plan in place prior to discharge
Outcome: Ongoing



