 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Baby Boy Najiah Lowe
CHOP MRN#: 56962744
DOB:  4/10/2023
TODAY'S DATE:  5/17/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  1:50 PM


Problems: 
Financial Assistance
Baby Supplies


Progress: 
SW stopped by bedside while patient's parents were present. SW received an update from mom in regards to patient's care plan. Mom and SW then went to the floor's family room to further the conversation per mom's request. Mom shared with SW her needs in regards to financial assistance. SW shared she will provide Mom with the information to the Colette Louise Tisdahl Foundation to complete via email. Mom also shared an update about her housing and how her landlord takes his time fixing things that are broken in the home. SW asked if mom wanted SW to provide a letter to encourage the landlord to take quicker action and mom said that it is not needed at the moment as she has someone helping/advocating with her for the repairs through the housing department. 
Mom also shared that she is 12 on the housing voucher list for Johnstown PA, so she is hoping it comes fairly quick as she no longer wants to live or raise her children in North Philadelphia.


Mom also informed SW that she is in need of a car seat and baby clothing. Mom let SW know that her pack and play was delivered to the home yesterday. SW shared that SW will call for a car seat to be delivered and SW will check for clothing in the SW office for the patient. SW provided mom with a Resource Connect card so that she is able to look up and obtain recourses within her community for the future. 


Mom also shared how she could benefit from meal vouchers. Mom is breastfeeding as well so SW is able to provide additional meal voucher to support her in this process. SW encouraged mom to practice self care within this process as mom has expressed a great deal of stressors.


SW later sent mom the financial resource in which mom filled out right away. SW provided the healthcare verification form to complete the application.
SW encouraged mom to reach out if any additional needs arise. 


Plan: 
SW will look to obtain baby supplies.
SW will continue to provide support to patient and family while on the ITCU
SW will assist with financial resources. 


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Aisha Evans	
5/17/2023	1:50 PM






 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Boy Najiah Lowe
Patient MRN: 56962744
Patient DOB: 4/10/2023


Today's Date: 5/17/2023
Admission Date: 4/10/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 8.




Additional comments:  






Electronically signed: Aisha Evans 5/17/2023	2:06 PM 










