SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing



Progress:  Social worker spoke with mother by phone to check-in and offer support. Mother shared that she is coping well at this time. She is glad to see Gael making progress. Mother is continuing to attend school and visiting Gael and his twin brother at HUP daily. Mother shared that she and maternal grandmother completed the SSI application process today and the twins were approved for SSI benefits. Mother requested assistance with Septa passes for transportation to and from CHOP on 5/20 and 5/21 as her bus pass is not active on weekends. Informed mother that 4 Septa passes have been approved and can be picked up at the Welcome Desk. Mother identified no other immediate social work needs at this time. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 15 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
5/17/2023	6:41 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Boy B Jeidi Delcid-Delcid
Patient MRN: 56962018
Patient DOB: 2/27/2023


Today's Date: 5/17/2023
Admission Date: 3/6/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Tokens: 4.




Additional comments:  Mother's bus pass is not active on weekends. Septa passes approved for pick up at the Welcome Desk.






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 5/17/2023	6:44 PM 




