 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: Tr Onezerozerosixeight Lambda
CHOP MRN#: 56991285
DOB:  6/22/2009
TODAY'S DATE:  5/18/2023
TODAY'S TIME: 1:43 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  


Additional Comments: 
Epic medical record reviewed; Trauma morning report discussion.  


SW collaboration with PICU South Nursing Leadership team for case discussion and planning, due to the ongoing visitation concerns.  Per discussion, it is agreed upon that a Visitation Restriction will be implemented whereby ONLY mother Alisa Ammons and father Larry Grant will be permitted access to bedside with a plan to revisit this matter with mother early next week. 


SW and Charge RN met with mother at bedside to discuss the determination to impose a Visitation Restriction whereby ONLY mother Alisa Ammons and father Larry Grant will be permitted access to bedside due to the ongoing visitation concerns, most recently from last evening.  Mother stated 'ok' when informed and stated 'I wasn't here'.  SW discussed the value of partnership with family and CHOP care team, and informed mother of the plan to revisit this matter with mother early next week. 


Mother providing father's contact information, per SW request.  Father:  Larry Grant  Cell:  267-761-3893.  


SW remained at bedside following discussion with Charge RN, to review Fred's Footsteps application and process with mother.  Mother states she has limited internet access, therefore provided paper copy of application for review and completion if mother chooses.  SW informed mother of application due dates, however will provide written guidance to mother. Mother informed that a copy of any bills requesting payment will need to be provided for application completion, in addition to copy of lease that identifies landlord and address for payment if mother requesting rent assistance.  


SW providing emotional support throughout interventions via compassionate presence, attentive listening and direct feedback.




Time Spent: 90 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW	
5/18/2023	1:43 PM
























