 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Boyofmargaret May
CHOP MRN#: 56927088
DOB:  12/3/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  5/18/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  2:45 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 


Progress: 


Family meeting held on 5/16 with CICU (Continuity MD Mille, NP Jarae Payne), CCU (Fellow, NP Alexandria Pietrafesa, NP Student, Leadership RN Kristin Marcus), Pulmonary Vein Stenosis team (MD Callahan, NP Heather Meluskey), Plastics resident (Dustin), ASL interpreter Jennifer. Aunt (Joyce) attended in person and bio mother (Margaret) attended via phone.


Ongoing medical plans were discussed and the family had the opportunity to ask questions. PVS team discussed that Messiah will have another echo and lung perfusion scan in approx 1 month that will determine when his next cardiac cath will be. Discussed ongoing plans for cardiac caths approx every 6-8 weeks at least for the next year. Plastics resident discussed that Messiah is recommended to undergo cleft lip repair this admission hopefully in next 1-3 weeks, then cleft palate repair will take place between 9-18 mo of age. Both mother and aunt asked thoughtful questions throughout. 


Custody/consent/discharge plan:
--Mother continues to have full custody and makes all medical decisions. 
--At time of discharge, CYS will take custody and make medical decisions, and will place Messiah with his aunt.
--Mother in agreement with this plan per prior discussions with SW.
--Updated home clearance for aunt with CYS scheduled for 5/22, previously cleared just needs update.


Aunt continues to visit daily from local RMH also intermittently returning home. Aunt can be reached at her primary number 570-991-6039 which automatically connects to an ASL interpreter, no special dial out needed. 


Plan: SW will continue to follow and provide support. SW will continue to collaborate with CYS.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
5/18/2023	2:45 PM














