 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: Tr Onezerozerosixeight Lambda
CHOP MRN#: 56991285
DOB:  6/26/2009
TODAY'S DATE:  5/23/2023
TODAY'S TIME: 1:01 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  


Additional Comments: 


Epic medical record reviewed; Trauma morning report discussion.


SW collaboration with PICU Charge RN for case discussion and planning, regarding reinstating authorized visitor list for family.


SW outreach call to patient's father, Larry Grant (267-761-3893), for introduction, support and to discuss visitation.  SW informed father of ChOP Visitation Policy,  and his ability to select one additional adult visitor; father selecting Catherine Grant (his wife) to be additional limited visitor per policy.  Father sharing his concerns with conflict with maternal family.  Father states he and his wife would come to CHOP in the evening following their work days to visit patient.  SW encouraging father to speak with Charge RN if he is experiencing any conflict with visitors when he is present at bedside.


SW and Charge RN met with mother to discuss uplifting the current visitor restriction, to allow sibling visitation.  SW reviewed siblings with mother as follows: sister Melinda Hall, 25 yo sister Shakira Ammons, 22 yo brother Tyeem Dixon, 17 yo brother Nicolas Grant, 
18 yo brother Tayshawn Grant, 24 yo brother Zephaniah Myers, 21 yo sister Heavyn Crisp, 29 yo brother Kamar Ammons (lives in Johnstown PA and may come visit), and 8 yo brother Safier Ammons.


SW informed mother that she may have one adult limited visitor; mother defers at this time.  SW informed mother that father has one adult limited visitor.  
SW updated Visitor Restriction/Authorized visitor list ONLY.
SW completed Family and Visitor Expectation worksheet and providing mother with copy at bedside.






 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Tr Onezerozerosixeight Lambda
Patient MRN: 56991285
Patient DOB: 6/26/2009


Today's Date: 5/23/2023
Admission Date: 5/9/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 4.




Additional comments:  
SW approving total of four meal vouchers for the week for mother due to her ongoing loss of income with unplanned extended hospitalization.  SW encouraging mother to continue to identify her plan to self provide at bedside with the assistance from her extended family support system.  Mother states she have food brought in to offset use of provided meal vouchers.  




Time Spent: 120 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW	
5/23/2023	1:01 PM
























