SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 5/23/2023 1235)
Adjustment - Intervention - diagnosis:
 Provide active listening to support patient/family/caregiver in voicing understanding of and disagreement with diagnosis/prognosis as well as questions and concerns
 Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to address patient/family/caregiver questions and concerns through bedside rounding, team-family meetings, etc.)
 Identify need for Patient-Family Education with multidisciplinary team members


Progress:  A family meeting was held on 5/22/23 with Attending David Munson MD, Fellow Kristin Coletti MD, FLC Christina Defelice PA-C, Case Manager Stephanie Hill-Sandoval RN, Bedside nurse Morgan Cheek RN, Bedside Nurse Jesse Talone RN, LSW and Nico's parents. 



Dr. Munson informed parents that Nico has a bowl obstruction but the cause in unknown at this time. Nico has been scheduled for surgery on Thursday and the possible surgical interventions were reviewed. The surgeon will follow up with parents and speak in more details about the surgery. Parents were prepared that Nico will likely have an inflammatory response following the surgery. 
Dr. Munson provided an explanation of the Lymphatic system and informed parents that Lymphatic studies will be done following Nico's recovery from surgery. 


Given Nico's age, the focus at this time is on his development rather than extubation. Nico is on low enough settings that an extubation can be considered in the coming weeks following surgery. Dr. Munson informed parents that if Nico fails extubation it would be advised that he have a tracheostomy. Nico's mother asked how the patient's development would be affected by his CLD and long hospitalization. Dr. Munson explained that Nico will have developmental delays but it is unknown how significant at this time. Nico is also at risk for tone issues.


Parents were made aware that the patient will likely be transferred to the Chronic Lung Disease team within the next few weeks. An explanation of the team structure was provided. 


Nico's parents asked thought full questions that demonstrated their understanding of Nico's prognosis and care plan moving forward. 


LSW met with the patient's parents following the meeting to provide support. Both parents are able to articulate their thoughts and feelings related to Nico's care plan. No additional social work needs identified at this time. 


Plan: LSW will continue to follow and provide support. 




Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
5/23/2023	12:36 PM
