SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RELATIONSHIPS/BEHAVIOR
Goal: Conflict between patient/family/caregiver and provider is addressed and resolved
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  The following team members met with mom and MGM for impromptu family meeting at bedside:
Lindsey Kunkel, SW
Heather French, NICU Attending
Shaun Mendenhall, Plastic Surgery
Jacqueline Chandler, FLC
Kasey Vanzant, RN


Dr. Mendenhall showed mom comparison photos before and after initiating Lorlatinib (started 5/18) showing clear shrinkage of tumor, however mom was in disagreement with use of medication and asked yesterday to cease the treatment and move forward with surgical amputation.  Dr. Mendenhall noted concern for doing this given the complexity of the surgery, concern for blood flow, and ability to salvage more of the hand than even had initially been thought (thumb only).  Mom noted that she had not felt comfortable with use of medication for a "long time" and "just went along with agreeing with things of what you guys wanted before but after talking with people at my job and showing people the pictures, I don't want anymore medication and I want the tumor off."  Team acknowledged mom's frustrations.  SW highlighted emotional decision making vs.  Having all the information and that team was not doing treatment because of bias towards using medication, rather as we previously had discussed as a team with mom; weighing risks vs. Benefits of proceeding with the surgery prior to attempting to shrink it.  Mom noted she appreciated the information "but no one/ no information is going to change my mind".  MGM also agreed that staff can't change mom's mind after she has made her mind up. Team offered to have OT meet with mom to discuss potential pros and cons of ability to salvage hand etc. However mom declined.  SW stayed with mom post discussion to process and mom acknowledged SW's position to help however nothing more that mom wanted to discuss/ receive help with at this time.  SW acknowledged importance for goal to work as a team for what's best for baby and SW will continue to advocate for mom's voice while ensuring mom knows all information available to her to make informed decisions.  Mom appreciated support.


Plan: SW will continue to provide support during hospitalization.


Time Spent: 240 minutes+
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Lindsey K Kunkel, LCSW	
5/24/2023	5:20 PM
