 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: Tr Onezerozerosixeight Lambda
CHOP MRN#: 56991285
DOB:  6/26/2009
TODAY'S DATE:  5/25/2023
TODAY'S TIME: 1:45 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  


Additional Comments: 


Epic medical record reviewed; Trauma morning report discussion.


SW spoke with father, Larry Grant, by telephone to confirm scheduled family meeting for Friday at 2:00pm.  Father is amenable and will be available by telephone for meeting.  


SW met with mother at bedside for supportive check in, and to confirm family meeting scheduled for Friday at 2:00pm.  Mother verbalizing her agreement with meeting. 


SW clarifying mother's current living environment. Mother states she rents a room in maternal aunt's home for herself, 8 yo brother and Marquan.  Mother states 25 yo sister and her three children also reside in the home, however are moving into their own residence 'in a couple of weeks'.  Mother states her plan to move in with 25 yo sister with Marquan and 8 yo brother.  SW reviewed and provided mother with written literature for Philadelphia Housing resources.


Mother states she does not have a lease nor is she identified on maternal aunt's lease, and her current arrangement is an informal family plan.  Mother denies having any utility bills in her name, and solely has her cell phone bill in her name.  


SW informed mother that if she were to pursue the Freds Footsteps application, she would need to request financial assistance for a bill listed in her name or rental assistance if she were able to provide copy of lease agreement.  Mother states her plan to obtain a copy of her cell phone bill from her service provider.  


Mother states she continues to hold her position at McDonalds, although not picking up any scheduled shifts due to Marquan's ongoing hospitalization. 


SW providing ongoing emotional support via compassionate presence, attentive listening, validation of expression and mindful feedback throughout discussion.


Mother sharing she lost her wallet yesterday, which included her photo ID and remaining meal vouchers.  Mother states MGF is planning to assist her to obtain new State Photo ID. Mother states her ACCESS card was not kept in her wallet.  Mother states she will receive her monthly food stamps within the next two weeks, however does not know date at this time.






 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 







Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 5.




Additional comments:  
SW met with mother at bedside for further concrete resource assessment.  SW re-reviewed process to purchase $5 guest meal vouchers and encouraging mother to speak with her extended family to potentially support her by purchasing guest meal vouchers.  SW informed mother that the SW authorized meal vouchers are not intended for long term use, and encouraging mother to identify a plan to self provide at bedside along with extended family support. 
Meal Vouchers approved through 5/31 with a planned re-assessment on Thursday June 1st due to mother's loss of income and financial stress with unplanned extended hospitalization.






Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW	
5/25/2023	1:45 PM
























