SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  The following team members met with mom and dad for family meeting:
Lindsey Kunkel, Covering SW
Rachel Lista, CRNP
Laura Sillers, NICU Attending
Sonika Agarwal, Neurology Attending
Caitlyn Mulvihill, Neurology NP
Kasey Angioli, PA


Neurology discussed and showed images per parents request to view MRI results.  Team acknowledged that even though baby was discharged without concerning bilirubin to home after delivery from HUP, and parents did the right thing when they noted baby's concerning behavior at home and timing for bringing him to ED, baby still suffered irreversible injury to brain due to how high bilirubin was.  Discussed ability for medical team to stop injury from progressing/ regulating bilirubin, however implications of irreversible injury are concerns for motor skills delay, ability to talk due to likelihood of hearing delays, potential vision issues, intellectual/ cognitive delays, and increased concern for seizures/ epilepsy in the future.  Parents asked appropriate questions and were appropriately emotional.  Dad acknowledged his mother (PGM) having epilepsy and significant handicaps as well as team acknowledged mom's other son who is seen for epilepsy in CHOP Neurology clinic; team will coordinate Saire's follow up care there as well.  Mom left meeting room in processing reality of her knowledge of Saire's sibling's level of care/ needs.  SW followed mom outside to take a break and call family.  Mom was tearful and SW provided emotional support.  SW also met with dad after meeting as he joined mom outside.  Dad noted that parents have a strong faith and knowledge that will get Saire through this unfortunate circumstance.  Mom noted she didn't want to leave the hospital as long as Saire was in the hospital.  SW provided 8 meal vouchers per need for the day. Parents appreciated support. 


Plan: SW will continue to provide support during hospitalization.


Time Spent: 150 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Lindsey K Kunkel, LCSW	
5/25/2023	6:53 PM
