SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing



Progress:  Social worker met with mother at bedside in the NICU to check-in and offer support. Maternal grandmother and 1 year old brother also present. Mother expressed that she is coping well at this time. Gael's twin brother remains hospitalized in the HUP ICN. Mother is continuing to attend school. Mother clarified that she and maternal grandmother have completed the twins' SSI application, however they have not yet been approved. Social worker offered to assist with the application process as needed. Provided Septa passes to support mother with transportation needs to visit this weekend. No other immediate social work needs identified. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 15 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
5/25/2023	4:29 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Boy B Jeidi Delcid-Delcid
Patient MRN: 56962018
Patient DOB: 2/27/2023


Today's Date: 5/25/2023
Admission Date: 3/6/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Tokens: 4.
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: Mother with no income. Septa passes provided to assist with transportation needs during the upcoming weekend. 




Additional comments:  






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 5/25/2023	4:33 PM 




