 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: May Tuesday
CHOP MRN#: 56999043
DOB:  8/14/2008
TODAY'S DATE:  5/30/2023
TODAY'S TIME: 1:45 PM 




Owen is a 14 year old previously healthy male transferred from OSH for further assessment of injury from GSW on 5/29/23. SW met with patient's Dad and Step-Father at bedside. Per Dad, patient was out with several close friends doing "what teens do" on a nice weather day. Dad does not know how the GSW occurred but provides information that Owen's friends had access to a gun at their apartment complex and Owen was shot. It is not clear the circumstances of the GSW but Dad provides additional history in which local Police are involved in locating 2 of the friends that Owen was with at the time. Per Father, he has been at bedside since Owen's arrival to CHOP and unaware of any further details. 


Dad reports that Owen lives between Dad and Mom's home, where Step Dad (John) also resides. He has an older sister (Ammie) whom is 20 and lives on her own with a child of her own. Dad has a 3 year old daughter that is Owen's half sister. Dad reports that Mom and him live within the same block as each other. Dad reports that the neighborhood is "rough" and shootings have been on the increase within their small town community. However, Dad denies any safety issues within their neighborhood. Dad denies any concern that this was related to gang involvement or substance abuse. Dad reports that Owen has been in trouble with law enforcement for minor crimes related to fighting. 


Dad denies any previous CPS or other legal involvement, Dad denies violence in the home. Dad denies any history of mental health or substance abuse. Dad reports that Owen is in 7th grade with truancy issues and may be held back. 


Parents are requesting that Owen's older sister be able to come visit and SW adds her to visitor list. Step Dad plans to go back and forth and Mom is currently at RMH. They have also put their name in for a room at Connelly Center. SW approves meal vouchers for today due to parents coming directly from OSH and being far from access to home. Parents aware that assessment is ongoing.  Parents aware of visitation rules and 4 listed visitors will remain but re-assessment possible depending on patient's clinical condition. 


Other family members (Grandmother) have been calling to RN for updates. Only Mom and Dad can provide patient's care code to family members if wanting to allow them phone updates. 


SW relays to nursing and PICU SW


Covering trauma SW will collaborate with PICU SW.




Angela Lamb, MSW, LSW
Safe Place: Center for Child Protection and Health
Social Worker, Department of Social Work
The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia
(215) 590 2062


















