SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing
Goal: Patient will have adequate insurance coverage to obtain necessary medical care
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  Social worker spoke with mother by phone. Mother shared that the family was able to visit over the weekend and check in to Ronald McDonald House. Family had to check out to return home at the end of the weekend as Lance's sister attends school. Mother shared the she spoke with FHCP representative Rosemarie Padilla regarding applying for NJ Family Care (NJ Medical Assistance) for Lance. Social worker offered to assist with providing family's requested documents to FHCP for Lance's NJ Family Care application. Mother sent social worker photos of mother's NJ Disability application and denial letter from NJ Disability regarding her claim. Application was submitted on 4/21/23 and denied on 5/10/23. Social worker provided mother with the phone number for NJ Disability and encouraged mother to follow up to request any additional information needed for the claim. Mother shared that she is not yet cleared to drive. Father uses the family's sole vehicle for transportation to work. Family has limited financial resources for mother to take a Lyft or an Uber to the hospital and does not have friends or family in the area who can provide a ride to CHOP. Social worker arranged a round trip Lyft ride for mother on 6/1/23. Social worker suggested applying for other financial assistance to offset the cost of transportation to the hospital. Mother in agreement. Provided information about the Opens Doors Foundation to provide one month of rent assistance. Mother in agreement with referral and requested social worker follow up with father for supporting documentation for the Opens Doors Foundation application. Mother identified no other immediate social work needs at this time. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 60 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
5/31/2023	11:15 AM 


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Boy Joujoune Duguerre
Patient MRN: 56988887
Patient DOB: 5/2/2023


Today's Date: 5/31/2023
Admission Date: 5/25/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Cab Vouchers (#'s): one round trip Lyft ride from home to the hospital.
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: Mother is currently unable to drive and father uses the family's vehicle for work. Mother has not received her NJ Disability payment. Family has limited financial resources to access a Lyft or Uber ride. Round trip Lyft ride arranged through Hospitality for 6/1/23 per mother's request.




Additional comments:  






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 5/31/2023	4:48 PM 






