SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
6/1/2023 1655 by St. Lawrence, Kimberly, MSW
Outcome: Ongoing
6/1/2023 1655 by St. Lawrence, Kimberly, MSW
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing









Progress:  Family meeting held this afternoon with Dr. Galligan, FLC, SW, CM, clinical supr and Spanish interpreter, Isabella.
- Pt weaned from 4L to 3L this week, but pt breathing quickly. Discussed with Pulmonary team, x-ray obtained, which showed fluid in her lungs, so Lasix started. Will repeat chest x-ray tomorrow. Mom's questions answered.
- Re: feeds - Team is monitoring pt's weight gain and may decrease feeds if gaining too much weight, as this can make it harder to breathe. Pt currently has NGT; team discussed GT, which mom heard about in the NICU. 
CS - nursing leadership will check in with parents re: any concerns. Nursing will be involved in discharge teaching.
CM - will arrange supplies with an in network provider, so no cost to parents, Parents will get training and need to practice care.
SW - will assist with team understanding family's situation and needs for bringing pt home. Mom confirmed that parents plan to move out of aunt/uncle's home prior to discharge and plan to stay in Philadelphia for the foreseeable future. Mom explained that parents are realizing that pt is not a normal full term baby and will have special medical needs. To help parents plan, team estimates that pt would not be ready for discharge before mid-July.


SW met with mom at bedside afterwards using Spanish interpreter. Mom has not yet heard from SSI regarding pt's application. Parents do not have a plan yet to go to Mexico to visit their son. She reports they have located 2 options of apartments, but neither are large and she asked about the necessary size of the bedroom for the pt. SW explained that, if necessary, a nurse could stay in the living room with the pt overnight. Also took dictation from mom for Colette Louise application and will complete online.




Plan: Will follow. 




Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning






Electronically signed:
Kimberly St. Lawrence, MSW	
6/1/2023	4:56 PM
