SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient will have adequate transportation resources to access needed medical care and return to home environment
Outcome: Ongoing



Progress:  Social worker met with mother at bedside in the NICU. Mother was holding Ivan's twin brother throughout social work visit. Mother shared how she is feeling given that Ivan was having SVT today. She expressed that after seeing Ivan's twin brother have similar symptoms, she feels she is overall coping well as she has been through this before. Mother shared that she will be taking the NG tube insertion class on 6/5/23. We discussed how she is feeling about the class. Mother shared that she completed an intake to begin counseling in the community, however a therapist at the community counseling agency will not be available for 6 weeks. Social worker offered to find a referral for another counseling agency in Philadelphia to provide to mother to continue psychology/mental health support post-discharge. Mother in agreement with referral. Mother requested Septa passes and meal vouchers, which social worker provided. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 30 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
6/2/2023	5:09 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Boy Boy A Jedi Delcid-Delcid
Patient MRN: 56962016
Patient DOB: 2/27/2023


Today's Date: 6/2/2023
Admission Date: 5/26/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 4 and Tokens: 4.




Additional comments: 
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: Mother with no income. Meal vouchers provided to support mother visiting twins daily and Septa passes provided to enable mother to visit over the weekend when mother's bus pass is not active. 






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 6/2/2023	5:17 PM 




