 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Samad Reddy
CHOP MRN#: 56917884
DOB:  11/11/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  6/2/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  1:16 PM


Identified Areas: 
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 
Custody/consent 


Progress: SW rec'd request from charge RN for assistance in determining who has medical consenting rights for pt as pt will be receiving a procedure. Maternal aunt is currently at bedside. SW met with paternal aunt (Latifah Reddy) who informed that she has been caring for pt since discharge after birth. She reported that she has physical custody of pt and possibly medical decision making rights; however, is uncertain and does not have documentation to provide. She confirmed DHS/CUA involvement and provided the following contact information: 


- Lisa Crump (NET CUA CM): 215-678-0070; lisa.crump@net-centers.org
- Tijuana Doby (NET CM Director): 215-280-4696; tijuana.doby@net-centers.org
- Desiree Hodge (NET Resource Parent Support Worker): 215-284-5600; desiree.hodge@net-centers.org)


SW attempted contact with the above mentioned contacts provided. Ultimately being connected with Desiree Hodge who connected SW with CM director Tijuana Doby. SW was informed that pts maternal aunt (Latifah Reddy) has physical custody of pt and pts mother (Tiesha Reddy) still has all parenting rights and should be contacted for any medical consents. Ms. Doby provided most recent DRO. SW uploaded to pts chart. 


SW provided update to medical team who contacted pts mother to provide medical update. SW also remained at bedside with pts aunt to provide emotional support surrounding need for emergent procedure and pts current medical status. 


Plan: SW will remain available for any needed SW supports/services throughout pts admission. 


Time Spent: 120 minutes


Acuity: Level 4 - Require significant advocacy to meet basic needs 


Electronically signed:




Kristen E Hartman, LCSW	
6/2/2023	1:16 PM


The time noted for this encounter is inclusive of, but not limited to, multidisciplinary team communication and collaboration, direct patient and/or family care, resource exploration and interagency coordination.










