SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  Covering social worker met with mother at bedside in the NICU. Mother inquired about financial assistance for train tickets for grandmother and patient's three great aunts to visit for support. Social worker relayed that SW emergency fund is only able to assist with transportation costs for parents. Social worker offered to explore other types of financial resource assistance the family may be eligible for to offset the cost of transportation for mother and/or family members to visit from Lancaster. Mother appreciative. Mother is familiar with the hospital visitor policy that only two visitors in addition to parents may visit. Mother requested meal vouchers and parking vouchers as mother is staying at bedside throughout the day and often misses meals offered at Ronald McDonald House. Per previous notes, mother currently does not have any income to purchase meals in the cafeteria. Meal vouchers and parking passes provided. 




Plan: Covering social worker will follow up next week regarding potential financial assistance that may offset the cost of transportation for the family. 




Time Spent: 30 minutes
Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
6/2/2023	4:48 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Girl Eden Crosby
Patient MRN: 56990317
Patient DOB: 5/3/2023


Today's Date: 6/2/2023
Admission Date: 5/22/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 4 and Parking Passes (#'s): 3.
Reason for Disbursement: Other hardship considerations: See above. 




Additional comments:  






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 6/2/2023	4:59 PM 




