
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: May Tuesday
CHOP MRN#: 56999043
DOB:  8/14/2008
TODAY'S DATE:  6/2/2023
TODAY'S TIME: 3:15 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  


Additional Comments: 


Epic medical record reviewed; Trauma morning report discussion.


SW collaboration with bedside RN and Charge RN throughout today for case discussion. 
Bedside RN received call from Luzerne County CYS, Megan Donovan, and provided contact information to SW.


SW outreach call to CYS (570-826-8710), Megan Donovan, to clarify involvement.  
Ms. Donovan states she has been the ongoing caseworker with family since 2017, and that a new allegation involving a new investigation has been made on 5/30/2023.  Ms. Donovan asking if she could come to CHOP to see Owen and attempt to speak with mother and father, per regulations.  SW informed Ms. Donovan that she can come to CHOP as part of investigation for new allegation and encouraged Ms. Donovan to bring Luzerne County CYS photo ID.  Ms. Donovan stated her plan to come to CHOP tomorrow; bedside RN informed.


SW spoke with father, Owen Brown, by telephone for supportive check in and to address his noted concerns with limited visitor and son's case.  Father sharing that mother's friend is not a positive support for patient and additional visitors at bedside.  SW providing emotional support via attentive listening and thoughtful feedback; encouraging father to discuss any concerns regarding events leading to Owen's injuries with investigative authorities.  SW informed father of CYS caseworker outreach, that a new allegation has been reported on 5/30/2023 and that CYS will be coming to CHOP tomorrow to see Owen per regulations.  


SW met with sister (Amaryllis Chicallo) and paternal aunt (Jill Brown) for ongoing emotional support.  Sister and aunt appropriately expressing their thoughts and concerns, and present intermittently tearful during conversation.  Sister is planning to bring mother home to obtain additional clothing and personal needs, with a stated plan to return to RMH later this evening.  


SW met with mother in private space away from bedside for supportive check in, to discuss her supports at home and those that are able to be present at bedside per CHOP visitation policy, coping strategies and ongoing importance of self care.  Mother maintains her choice to have her friend, John Allan Miller, as her identified supportive limited visitor.  Per discussion, mother will consider identifying an alternative family member or friend.  Mother verbalizing her plan to go home to obtain personal belongings and return later this evening.  SW informed mother of CYS caseworker outreach, that a new allegation has been reported on 5/30/2023 and that CYS will be coming to CHOP tomorrow to see Owen per regulations.  Mother expressed her thoughts and concerns regarding CYS; SW reiterated that per regulations with a new reported allegation made on 5/30/2023, CYS will come to CHOP to see Owen. 


SW collaboration with PICU SW colleague, Charge RN and bedside RN for case discussion and updates.


SW spoke with father, Owen Brown, for follow up regarding authorized visitor list ONLY.  Father expressing his concerns.  SW encouraging father to notify nursing/unit staff if there is any conflict at bedside with limited visitors during his presence.  Father sharing that he recently moved, and resides with his girlfriend (Candace), their 4 yo daughter (paternal half sister of Owen), and girlfriend's 14 yo son spends time in their home.  Father presents appropriately distressed during telephone discussion; SW providing emotional support via compassionate presence, attentive listening and validation of expression.  


Time Spent: 240 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW	
6/2/2023	3:15 PM
























