					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: May Tuesday
CHOP MRN#: 56999043
DOB:  8/14/2008


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 06/05/23 11:03 
Admission/Appointment Date 05/27/23 
Referral Date 06/05/23 
Referral Source Consultation Requested By: 
Consultation Requested by:  Other: 
Other Team: per trauma regulations 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: ICU 
Primary Service: Trauma 
Consulting Service: Neurology;Neurosurgery;Ophthalmology 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 06/05/23 11:03 
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);OTHER 
Parent Information: Father, Owen Brown, states Owen spends time at both his home and mother's, Sara Chicallo, home. 
Other Information: Father's home:  father, father's girlfriend Candace, 4 yo half sister Emma 
School Status GRADE 
Grade Comment: 7th grade; truance issues 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 05/30/23  
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Mom and Dad 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 06/05/23 11:03 
Mental Health NO 
Home Environment: YES 
Home Environment comment: Father denies any current IPV, however states a history of violatile verbal conflict with mother whereby father reports he is the recipient of verbal abuse. 
Protective Services Involvement YES 
CPS involvment comment: Father reports Luzerne County CYS involvement 'but it is not with me as a concern'; CYS caseworker, Megan Donovan 570-826-8710 x 2804 
Housing Access NO 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse YES 
Substance Abuse comment: Father reports he has a history of polysubstance abuse, has been sober for almost 5 years (July 22), and denies any current substance use other than smoking cigarettes. 
Legal Issues YES 
Legal Issues comment: Father reports a history of involvement, however none current for himself.  Law enforcement involvement due to nature of events leading to child's critical care admission 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PARENT 
Parent Strengths easily engaged; able to articulate needs and concerns; extended family support; supportive employer 
Parent Stressors events leading to Owen's critical care admission; criminal investigation and lack of communication from detectives; Owen's injuries; 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 06/05/23 11:03 
Resource Needs Problem(s) SAFE/ACCESSIBLE HOME ENVIRONMENT 
Intervention/Plan - Safe/Accessible home environment  Father reports he owns firearms that are locked in safety box at PGF's home; father also reports that Owen owns a firearms that is secured in a gun safe at PGF's home. 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 06/05/23 11:03 
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION;EXPOSURE TO TRAUMA 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Father and family will demonstrate effective adjustment and coping with hospitalization. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization SW will continue to follow for emotional support, coping and needs' assessment during hospitalization. 
Intervention/Plan - Exposure to Trauma SW will continue to follow for emotional support, coping and needs' assessment during hospitalization. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 06/05/23 11:03 
Relationships/Behavior Problem(s) SUSPECTED ABUSE/NEGLECT;CONFLICT WITHIN PATIENT'S FAMILY 
Goal - Conflict within patient's Family Mother, father and additional limited visitors will demonstrate effective and cooperative behaviors while at child's bedside. 
Intervention/Plan- Conflict within patient's Family SW will continue to meet with family for emotional support, coping managment and needs' assessment during hospitalization. 
Goal - Suspected abuse/neglect Luzerne County CYS caseworker, Megan Donovan 570-826-8710 x 2804, contacted SW to inform of new allegation reported on 5/30/23.  Per CYS, they have been involved since 2017. 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 06/05/23 11:03 
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;SOCIAL WORK 
Time Spent (min) 60 min 
Acuity  Level 3 


SW met with father in private space away from bedside for in-person introduction, emotional support and assessment as noted.  This assessment is per father only.


Father states that Owen shares time at both mother and father's homes.  Father denies any documentation that outlines any specific visitation schedule.


Living in father's home includes:  Father, father's girlfriend Candace and 4 yo half sister Emma.  
Father is employed full time as a machine mechanic, and is currently using vacation time with employer.


Per above assessment, father reports a history of polysubstance abuse.  Father denies any current substance use, other than smoking cigarettes.  SW reviewed CHOP Policy regarding use of any substances at bedside, in bathrooms, in hospital corridors and on CHOP outside property.  Father verbalizing his understanding and states when he smokes cigarettes, he goes across the street from CHOP property.  


SW engaging father in therapeutic rapport, and in effort to obtain father's typical coping strategies.  Father relies on his family for emotional support.  Father enjoys music.  SW encouraging father to practice mindful breathing when feelings of distress increase, in an effort to relax his body.  Father admits to feeling 'pressure', and presents tense during discussion.  SW encouraging father to practice self care, including resting as able and eating regular meals during hospitalization and child's ongoing recovery.
SW reviewed and provided father with written literature for process to purchase $5 guest meal vouchers, and encouraging father to share process with his extended family to assist with meals during extended hospitalization.


Father has no expressed needs at this time.


Father expressing his concerns with the criminal investigation process, and how no investigative officer has outreached him to date.  SW encouraging father to contact the authorities directly for any updates or need to provide any information pertinent to his concerns and the criminal investigation.


SW will continue to follow for ongoing emotional support and needs' assessment during hospitalization.




Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW
12:07 PM
6/5/2023
