 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: May Tuesday
CHOP MRN#: 56999043
DOB:  8/14/2008
TODAY'S DATE:  6/6/2023
TODAY'S TIME: 1:58 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  


Additional Comments: 


Epic medical record reviewed; Trauma morning report discussion.


PICU Blue Medical Team is requesting SW assistance with coordination for family meeting for this week to include Trauma, PICU and Neurology medical teams.  
SW engaged medical teams via chat message to initiate planning; awaiting for medical teams' determination for date/time.


SW met with father and paternal aunt at bedside for supportive check in; father amenable at this time.  SW discussed PICU Medical team request for a family meeting that would include PICU, Trauma and Neurology medical teams with mother, father and their supportive limited visitors.  Father is amenable with scheduled meeting and seeking confirmation of date/time once obtained so he may coordinate his plans to go home for self care.  


SW left voicemail message for mother at 1:00pm with request for a return call, to discuss medical team request for a family meeting; mother did not return call.


SW received Juvenile Court of Luzerne County documentation from Luzerne County CYS dated 2/14/2023 which states physical and legal custody shall remain with mother, and an updated hearing was scheduled on 5/15/2023.  SW outreach call with CYS Ms. Megan Donovan for discussion; per Ms. Donovan the 5/15/2023 documents 'read the same' and she will forward once they are signed.
SW collaboration with leadership, whereby mother provides consents at this time.
PICU Medical Team and Trauma NP informed.


SW met with father and paternal aunt at bedside this afternoon to discuss with father the court documentation whereby it states that physical and legal custody shall remain with mother.  SW informed father of his options to outreach CYS Caseworker and/or Supervisor, and seek legal consult if he chooses.  Per father's inquiry, SW informed father that mother provides consents. 


SW providing opportunity for father and paternal aunt to express their thoughts and feelings.  SW providing emotional support via compassionate presence, attentive listening and both mindful and direct feedback throughout discussion.


During bedside discussion, father disclosed there was a bottle of vodka in the drawer that did not belong to him.  SW reiterated CHOP Policy as discussed with father yesterday. SW requested that father remove the bottle from the drawer and hand in to the bedside RN.  SW requested that bedside RN contact Charge RN to come and obtain it from the room.  Per collaboration with Unit Nurse Manager, Security should be notified of alcohol found in room so they may remove it from unit.  


SW collaboration with bedside RN, Unit Nurse Manager, and Security for discussion and planning.  Per discussion, there will be no modifications to the current Authorized Visitor List ONLY.    SW informed father that Security arrived to the unit to obtain/remove the bottle of alcohol from the unit and will complete a room sweep for any other contraband. Father verbalized his understanding and Security completed a room sweep with no additional contraband found.


SW contacted mother by telephone.  Mother states her plan to come to child's bedside later this evening and her plan to be at bedside tomorrow.  SW informed mother that a bottle of vodka was found in child's room and removed by Security.  Mother denies knowledge of how the alcohol was brought into child's room and who may have brought it to child's room.  SW reviewed CHOP Policy regarding use of any substances including alcohol and drugs at child's bedside, in bathrooms, in hospital corridors and in any location on CHOP property, both inside and outside.  Mother verbalizing her understanding of CHOP Policy.


SW collaboration with bedside RN and PICU SW colleague for ongoing case discussion and planning throughout today.


SW will plan to meet with mother when she is present at child's bedside for ongoing support, follow up and to complete SW assessment.


Time Spent: 240 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW	
6/6/2023	1:58 PM
























