SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  Social worker spoke with mother by phone. Mother shared that parents have been unpacking in their new apartment. They hope to be able to come to CHOP to visit the baby soon. Mother shared that she would like to have a family meeting with the baby's NICU team and consulting providers when both parents are able to visit next to get an idea of the next steps for the baby's care. Mother will follow up with social worker once parents know their availability for a family meeting. Mother plans to follow up with father to obtain the supporting documents for the family's application to the Opens Doors Foundation for one month of rent assistance. Parents have not yet received a utility bill at their new address. Mother identified no other immediate social work needs at this time. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 30 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
6/7/2023	1:01 PM


 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 









Patient Name: Baby Boy Goldy Schwartz
Patient MRN: 56965449
Patient DOB: 3/21/2023


Today's Date: 6/7/2023
Admission Date: 3/21/2023




Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Gift Cards: Two $50.00 NICU Social Work Fund gift cards approved. Covering social worker Meredith Huber will bring gift cards to the bedside on 6/8/23 when the gift cards become available.




Additional comments:  Parents travel 3 hours each way to visit the baby in the hospital. Family spends $80 per visit between gas, tolls and parking costs. Limited financial resources to cover the cost of transportation. Gift cards provided to reduce transportation cost barriers to visiting the baby in the hospital. 






Electronically signed: Alexandra M Pomar 6/7/2023	1:02 PM 




