SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to illness/disability
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  Family meeting held today with mother (who joined in person), father (who joined by phone), NICU attending Dr. Frost, NICU FLC PA Eric Will, NICU FLC resident Ethan Dymond, pulmonary attending Dr. Alexiou, pulmonary NP Mark Blanke, NICU nurse case manager Stephanie Sandoval and this social worker. Discussed that the baby has not been able to tolerate time off CPAP to be stable for a sleep study. Will plan to complete a sleep study as an outpatient once the baby is able to tolerate more time off respiratory support. Discussed plan to discharge home on CPAP ram cannula support. Discussed that case manager will assist with setting up family with DME for home as well as home nursing. Mother noted that home nursing will be helpful as mother plans to return to work. Discussed that parents will receive teaching on the CPAP equipment. 


Medical team also discussed the options of discharging home with NG tube feeds as well as the option of placing a g-tube. Discussed the risks and benefits of both at length. Parents asked many thoughtful questions demonstrating their understanding. The medical team relayed their recommendation for a g-tube, although the medical team will support parents with either decision. Parents plan to discuss with one another their preference for NG feeds or a g-tube and will follow up with the medical team. 


Social worker reached out to NICU chaplain Rebecca Carl regarding parents' wishes to have a rabbi or moyle present for the baby's bris. Relayed to medical team that spiritual care should be contacted to help facilitate parents' preferences.  


Social worker met with mother at bedside following family meeting to check-in and offer support. Mother acknowledged that while the information discussed during the family meeting was overwhelming, she is coping well. We discussed how parents had not anticipated the baby would need respiratory support at home, nor feeding tube support. Social worker provided validation and supportive counseling. No other immediate social work needs identified. 




Plan: Social worker will continue to follow. 




Time Spent: 120 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required




Electronically signed:
Alexandra M Pomar	
6/7/2023	3:03 PM
