Social Work Care Plan Note


Patient's Name:  Yaribeth Pabon 
Date of Birth:  1/22/2010 
MRN:  56963221


Progress: CC Gold SW continues to collaborate with PICU SW Weiss to support Yaribeth and her Mom during this admission. Yaribeth remains in the PICU for ongoing close monitoring for her respiratory needs.


Mom called SW this morning very excited to share good news! 


Mom shared that her eye appointment went very well yesterday and the doctor confirmed that the procedure Mom had last month was successful and her vision is on track to improve tremendously. They also scheduled her procedure for her other eye for July 14th and this will be a less invasive procedure since her eye sight is better in that eye. Mom shared about how worried she has been over the past few months about her vision and how it would impact her ability to continue to take care of Yaribeth. Mom expressed relief and hope with this positive news from her doctor.


Mom also shared that she received a phone call from the public housing caseworker she has been working with yesterday and they identified a two bedroom apartment for her and Yari. The apartment is in Trenton, NJ on the first floor and has a ramp getting into the building. SW and Mom celebrated this tremendous win together over the phone. Mom shared that the caseworker dropped off forms for the home that Mom will need to complete. Mom asked to complete these forms with SW on Monday, which SW agreed to. 


Mom shared that she spoke with the school today. SW shared that the school requested PICU SW information. Mom in agreement with SW providing this to the school and expressed that it would be helpful for our team to provide updates to the school on Yaribeth, as Mom has a lot going on right now. Signed ROI is scanned in the pt's EMR.


SW later facilitated a phone call between Mom and Yaribeth. Yaribeth smiled throughout as her Mom talked to her. Mom also received updates from the bedside RN and was very happy to hear the updates from today. 


Mom continues to cope well during this hospitalization. Mom referenced her faith throughout our conversations as a strong support for her. Mom expressed that she feels that things are starting to come together and turn around for her and Yaribeth, which she is so grateful for. Mom hopes to be able to come back to the 8th floor soon. 


Plan: CC Gold SW will continue to partner with PICU SW to support Mom throughout this admission. 


Time Spent: 210 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:




Emily Baumley, LSW
Social Worker
Dial: #67273


6/9/2023            4:02 PM


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 6/9/2023 1601)
Adjustment - Intervention - hospitalization: Provide patient/family/caregiver with supportive counseling



