 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: Tr Onezerozerosixeight Lambda
CHOP MRN#: 56991285
DOB:  6/26/2009
TODAY'S DATE:  6/9/2023
TODAY'S TIME: 3:20 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  


Additional Comments: 


SW met with mother and patient at bedside; SW introduction with patient prior to engaging mother in discussion.


SW discussed update per discussions with Nurse Leadership yesterday afternoon and earlier this morning, whereby the current visitor restriction will be modified to allow four siblings to visit Tank at bedside during the scheduled days/time of Monday through Friday from 9:00am until 4:00pm and to begin on Monday 6/12/23.  


Mother identifies sister Shakira Ammons, brother Nicolas Grant, and brother Tayshawn Grant.  SW engaged mother in discussion regarding Philadelphia School Districts' last day of school for students as Tuesday, and asking if she would like to consider other siblings.  Mother verbalizing her preference as noted.  Mother asking if fourth person can be brothers' mother, Danielle Johnson, as she will need to bring brothers to and from CHOP.  SW agreeable, and discussed Danielle Johnson to be identified as limited visitor.  SW requesting that mother inform siblings and Ms. Johnson of specific days/times for allowable visitation, and that they may not pass along their visitor badges for others to use in their place. 


SW providing update to bedside RN, and will completed authorized visitor schedule on Monday morning.


Mother asking about additional meal vouchers.  SW informed mother that per last discussion, she was to obtain her food stamps today.  SW encouraging mother to utilize her food stamps to purchase food items to prepare at home as she lives local, and bring meals to bedside when she is present.  SW encouraging mother to speak with her supportive family to identify a plan to self provide during extended hospitalization.  


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 2 - Require information / education / recommendations / advance planning


Electronically signed:
Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW	
6/9/2023	3:20 PM
























