SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE




Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver progress in adjustment to diagnosis
Outcome: Ongoing
Flowsheets (Taken 6/14/2023 1021)
Adjustment - Intervention - diagnosis:
 Collaborate with multidisciplinary team to address patient/family/caregiver questions and concerns through bedside rounding, team-family meetings, etc.)
 Assess patient/family/caregiver coping strategies
 Provide active listening to support patient/family/caregiver in voicing understanding of and disagreement with diagnosis/prognosis as well as questions and concerns



Progress:  
Introduction to yellow team meeting occurred with the following medical staff:
 CLD attending Dr. Kristin Mckenna, CLD FLC, CLD CM and LSW



Both mother and father attended this meeting virtually via Teams. Parents asked thoughtful questions throughout the meeting.



The following subjects discussed were as follows:
 Brain developmental,  shunt, medication management, seizures being treated with medication currently, growth, developmental success/therapies, respiratory settings and different interfaces, nutrition/ feeding, trach, etc.



Patient family informed that medical updates can be provided in a multitude of ways and patient`s parents will let LSW or other medical staff know what they require in terms of communication.


CLD CM explained her role and offered support to the parents after the all medical questions were addressed.


LSW met with parents after all other medical staff exited the meeting. LSW assessed patient`s parents coping and each are coping appropriately.


LSW provided some therapeutic counseling to patient`s mother as needed in the moment.


LSW explained how supportive social work and psychology can be in addressing the emotions that arise during the hospitalization. Parent`s are not interested in psychology at this time. LSW to refer when appropriate and parents are interested. 


LSW and parents completed Colette Louise application and awaiting award. LSW and parents will cont. To discuss concrete resources to address hospital-related stressors.


Parents provided with contact number to NIICU as well as access to MyCHOP.


LSW sent Connect Home consent to patient`s mother to complete.


Plan: 
LSW will cont. To provide social and emotional therapeutic support to patient and patient family to promote a better understanding of their lived experience and address needs. LSW will cont. to provide necessary information to the rest of the interdisciplinary team in effort to provide holistic quality care. 


Time Spent: 90 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Qadriyyah Major	
6/14/2023	10:22 AM
