SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: ADJUSTMENT
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver receive supportive counseling and/or resource referrals to assist in adjustment to hospitalization
Outcome: Ongoing





Progress:  LSW spoke with birth mother, Hannah Williams, on the phone to discuss providing consent for release of information to the adoptive parents (Cody and Candice Owen), adoption agency (Lifeline Children's Services) and legal firm finalizing adoption documents (The Law Offices of Denise M. Bierly). The patient's mother provided authorization to release information over the phone with a witness present. The three documents were uploaded to the patient's chart in the consents tab. 


The adoptive parents are allowed to receive all medical updates and speak with the medical team about the patient. At this time, the birth parents are still responsible for providing consent.


LSW met with the adoptive parents outside of the NICU and prepared them for what the patient would look like. LSW brought the adoptive parents to the bedside and the bedside nurse helped with orienting parents to the patient's medical needs. Dr. Harris met with the parents at the bedside and provided a comprehensive medical update. At this point in time, it is unknown what caused the patient to be so sick. Dr. Harris explained to parents that the patient's prognosis is unknown at this time. The adoptive parents asked appropriate questions and demonstrated understanding. Both parents shared their desire to care for the patient and are hopeful that he wil continue to get better. 


Adoptive parents are allowed to visit 9 am to 9 pm daily and have been provided with the care code from the birth mother to call in for updates.  


Once adoption documentation is finalized on Friday, adoptive parents will be eligible to stay at the Ronald McDonald House. 




Plan:  SW will continue to follow and provide support. 




Time Spent: 150 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
6/14/2023	2:11 PM
