 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: May Tuesday
CHOP MRN#: 56999043
DOB:  8/14/2008
TODAY'S DATE:  6/15/2023
TODAY'S TIME: 5:55 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  


Additional Comments: 


Epic medical record reviewed; Trauma morning report discussion.


SW collaboration with PICU unit Leadership for case discussion and planning per nursing conversation with mother.  Mother expressed concerns that previous limited visitor (John Alan Miller) would gain access to child's bedside and can call to obtain information, as he has been provided care code. 


SW spoke with mother by telephone for supportive check in and to discuss her concerns.  SW informed mother that in addition to the Authorized Visitor List ONLY which is in place for the duration of hospitalization, a complete restriction was put in place for John Alan Miller.  SW addressed concerns with this person calling, and SW discussed changing the care code to a single word.  Per discussion, mother chose new care code to be:  Norman.  SW encouraging mother to limit the sharing of this care code, and encouraging discussion with father to identify who else they collectively would prefer to have the care code.  Mother is in agreement with changing care code and informing father.


SW spoke with father by telephone for supportive check in and to discuss mother's expressed concerns.  SW informed father that in addition to the Authorized Visitor List ONLY which is in place for the duration of hospitalization, a complete restriction was put in place for John Alan Miller.  SW informed father of mother's concerns with this person calling, and SW discussed changing the care code to a single word and mother's agreement to do so.  Informed father of the new care code:  Norman.  SW encouraging discussion with mother to identify who else they collectively would prefer to have the care code.  Father sharing his thoughts with his interview with State Troopers and DA yesterday; SW providing support during telephone discussion.


SW collaboration with PICU unit Charge RN for discussion regarding care code change.  Charge RN to provide update to 7 West Leadership Team, and will ensure that bedside nursing is aware and passes information along in shift reports.  Charge RN informed unit clerk of changed care code.  SW placed information in Epic bulletin board.




Time Spent: 90 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW	
6/15/2023	5:55 PM
























