					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Naimlynne K Kirk
CHOP MRN#: 56605780
DOB:  9/1/2008


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 06/16/23  
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: Inpatient 
Primary Service: Oncology 
Assessment Type Initial Assessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 06/16/23  
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);CHILDREN IN THE HOME;RELATIVE(S) 
Parent Information: Mother (Krista) and Stepfather 
Children in the home Information: Naimlynne has four siblings (ages 12, 17, 17, and 19) 
School Status GRADE 
Grade Comment: Naimlynne has been on homebound instruction since December 2022 and is currently in the process of determining plans for next school year. 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 06/16/23  
Custody documentation: REPORT OF CUSTODY ORDER BUT NOT PROVIDED AT THIS TIME 
Comment Mom has full custody of Naimlynne and will be providing documentation. 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Mother, Krista Longenbach 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 06/16/23  
Mental Health NO 
Home Environment: NO 
Protective Services Involvement NO 
Housing Access NO 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues YES 
Legal Issues comment: Mom has PFA against Bio Dad (Larry Kirk) and will be providing updated documentation upon return home. Naimlynne and all siblings are also listed on PFA. Mom shared that she has full custody and Bio Dad's rights have been terminated. Bio Dad has been restricted from visiting. 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PATIENT;PARENT 
Patient Stressors Naimlynne becomes anxious when medical team speaks with Mom outside of the room as she suspects this means bad news. Per Mom, Naimlynne tries to protect Mom from difficult news as well. Naimlynne is not open to behavioral health support however has been very open to sharing her feelings with Mom. 
Patient Strengths Strong family and community support, works very hard in school despite not feeling welll. 
Parent Strengths Strong family and community support, receptive to social work support, very supportive employer/work team 
Parent Stressors Transportation stessors, returning to the PICU and overall concerned by relapse, being away from home hospital 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 06/16/23  
Resource Needs Problem(s) TRANSPORTATION 
Goal- Transportation Awaiting car to be repaired 
Intervention/Plan - Transportation LSW to assist with transportation as needed, Mom also has support from children/family who drive 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 06/16/23  
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Understand and acclimate to CHOP system as family is familiar to outside hospital 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization Provide psychosocial resourecs as needed and appropriate 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 06/16/23  
Relationships/Behavior Problem(s) VISITATION CONCERNS 
Goal - Visitation concerns Bio Dad is not involved and per Mom, does not have parental rights 
Intervention/Plan - Visitation concerns Visitation restricted and will obtain PFA documentation from Mom 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 06/16/23  
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;SOCIAL WORK;PATIENT 
Time Spent (min) 90 min 
Acuity  Level 2 




LSW met with Mom at bedside while Naimlynne was resting. Mom shared that Naimlynne's cancer journey has been very difficult and that they have been in the PICU many times since her relapse. Mom shared appropriate concerns of not being at their home hospital however has felt reassured by the team this week and aware of the goals of care for this admission. Mom is also hopeful that Naimlynne can have T-cells collected this admission for CAR-T in the future.


Mom shared that she has four other children at home, two biological children (ages 12 and 17) and her niece and nephew (ages 17 and 19) who she has raised since they were young. Naimlynne's stepfather is involved however will not be visiting due to work schedule. Naimlynne's biological father (Larry Kirk) is not involved and does not have parental rights. Mom has full custody and a PFA order against Bio Dad (all children including Naimlynne are listed on PFA as well). LSW and Mom discussed visitation restriction which has been made. 


Mom shared that Naimlynne has not been receptive to behavioral health in the past however she has become very open with Mom about her feelings. Naimlynne becomes anxious when the team speaks to Mom alone outside the room as this was the case at both diagnosis and relapse. Mom shared that this has not been an issue during this admission. Mom has support from outside oncology foundations for meal voucher support.  Mom has declined spiritual support at this time.


Mom's work has been very understanding and she is able to continue working remotely at bedside. Naimlynne goes to school in the Northampton district and has been completing homebound instruction since 12/2022. Mom will be speaking with school in August about next year's goals (repeating 9th grade or moving on to 10th depending on credits and grades). 


No other immediate needs expressed at this time. LSW will continue to follow for ongoing support.




Renna Y Wirchin, LSW
7:44 PM
6/16/2023
