SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RELATIONSHIPS/BEHAVIOR
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver maintain appropriate behavior in the Hospital environment
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RELATIONSHIPS/BEHAVIOR
Goal: Conflict between patient/family/caregiver and provider is addressed and resolved
Outcome: Ongoing
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver visitation concerns will be addressed
Outcome: Ongoing


Progress:  SW received sign out from EMSW of full visitor restriction put in place for dad only due to threatening behaviors displayed at bedside that continued to escalate with security without ability to resolve.  At approx. 2:30pm Mom requested via nursing that SW and Falguni Patal, CNS to come to bedside to discuss the specifics/ better understand the overnight events/ visitor restriction.  Upon covering SW and CNS meeting with mom at bedside, mom displayed that dad was already on facetime via mom's phone and wanted to address the visitor restrictions as well.  SW and CNS acknowledged that since things escalated to security and hospital management, and they were the individuals who set restriction to remain in place until further discussions/ "cool off" period are addressed.  Dad and mom became audibly upset articulating not understanding why "dad wouldn't be allowed to see his child/ hold his baby".  SW attempted to state the nature of a full restriction and that this was due to concerning/ threatening behaviors that were addressed overnight/ yesterday.  Parents focused on videos they have, previous meetings, and a family relations report they made today to addressed their major concern related to nursing care/ appropriate staff interaction at bedside.  Dad noted that he didn't understand why "a comment" could get him restricted but staff are allowed to come back to work.  SW and CNS acknowledged the difficulty for ability to have a calm conversation/ find resolution with this interaction.  Mom requested to meet with the management staff that are in control of keeping dad restricted.


At approx. 4:30pm Mom declined joining a virtual meeting with the following staff members and dad via Teams:
Lindsey Kunkel, covering SW
Falguni Patel, CNS
Jennifer Diem Inglis, SW supervisor
Richard O'Donnell, Security Supervisor
Jeff Brokenbrough, Security Sergeant 




Security addressed the goal of the current full visitor restriction from the hospital due to dad's inability to communicate with staff in a respectful manner overnight, is to have a "cool off" period to be able to reconvene and bring clarity in how to move forward respectfully.  Dad reiterated as before his concerns with the care that staff are supposed to be complying with at bedside and that he wouldn't have a need to "escalate" or become upset if staff was "doing their job" and he is "trying to protect my child".  Staff acknowledged dad's goals.  Dad also noted that when he becomes upset and uses words people don't like that it could be because they assume the neighborhood he's from, or him being a black male, that staff think he's not intelligent/ speak down to him/ think that he has a mental disorder.  Dad noted he feels like no one is listening to him and when parents come to agreements with staff; staff doesn't comply they aren't kicked out.  Dad did acknowledge a positive rapport with Falguni Patel the CNS staff and their primary social worker Catherine Heidenreich and that he feels they understand where the family is coming from since they have been expressing the same concerns for months.  CNS noted to follow up with dad and mom via phone tomorrow to address the Family Relations complaint specifically as well as patient care at bedside concerns.  However, dad wanted Security on the meeting to reiterate what dad's concerns are to ensure that they truly are listening.  However, once security acknowledged dad's concerns they illuminated the different with dad's continued inability to comply with respectful communication/ language/ returning his parent badge. Security noted their goal is to give dad time to readdress in a calm and respectful manner to come to an agreement of visitation expectations and acceptable behavior within the hospital setting as it affects other patients and staff.


Computer froze before formal end of virtual meeting.  SW called dad back via phone noting that it was not staff's intention to end the call that way but reiterated plan for CNS to speak with parents tomorrow regarding care and Security with SW to speak with parents Monday regarding restriction (and that dad continues to be completely restricted from hospital through that time).  Dad noted understanding of where things stand and SW was able to end call respectfully.  Mom requested at approx. 5:15 for meal vouches as she planned to stay overnight herself.  SW provided 4 meal vouchers per need and mom was appreciative of support/ in understanding with plan for tomorrow/ weekend.


Plan: SW will continue to provide support during hospitalization.


Time Spent: 240 minutes+
Acuity: Level 4 - Require significant advocacy to meet basic needs 






Electronically signed:
Lindsey K Kunkel, LCSW	
6/22/2023	5:43 PM
