 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Boyofmargaret May
CHOP MRN#: 56927088
DOB:  12/3/2022
TODAY'S DATE:  6/26/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  1:11 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization and Coping with illness/disability 
Other:  Luzerne County CYS 


Progress: 


SW met with aunt (Joyce) with ASL interpreter by VRI. Joyce shared some questions about paperwork completed with CYS caseworker, SW contacted caseworker to clarify. SW provided supportive counseling. 


SW spoke to CYS caseworker Denise Dessoye to share medical updates and clarify paperwork. Denise shared that she has started the paperwork for kinship/foster care placement with aunt, does not change current custody status. SW relayed this to aunt, who verbalized understanding. Denise plans to visit this Thursday 6/29.


SW called bio mother (Margaret) to check in. Margaret reported doing well overall, shared awareness of delay in cleft lip procedure. Margaret expressed interest in having another family meeting soon, SW to schedule after next cath. SW shared that if Margaret is interested in completing any paperwork or changes with custody through CYS, Margaret can contact CYS caseworker directly. Margaret verbalized understanding. 


Custody/consent/discharge plan:
--Mother (Margaret) continues to have full custody and makes all medical decisions. 
--At time of discharge, CYS will take custody and make medical decisions, and will place Messiah with his aunt (Joyce).
--CYS cleared aunt's home on 5/22, SW confirmed background checks have been updated on 6/6. Per discussion with CYS on 6/26, paperwork has been initiated for kinship/foster care placement.
--Mother in agreement with this plan per prior discussions with SW.


Plan: SW will continue to follow and provide support.


Time Spent: 60 minutes


Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required


Electronically signed:
Melissa Greberman, LCSW
6/26/2023	1:11 PM














