SOCIAL WORK CARE PLAN NOTE


Problem: RESOURCE NEEDS
Goal: Patient household finances will support family/caregiver(s) presence to participate in patient care and transition patient home
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RELATIONSHIPS/BEHAVIOR
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver maintain appropriate behavior in the Hospital environment
Outcome: Ongoing



Problem: RELATIONSHIPS/BEHAVIOR
Goal: Patient/family/caregiver visitation concerns will be addressed
Outcome: Ongoing





Progress:  LSW spoke with Leo's father on the phone to arrange a phone meeting to address the current visitor restriction. The patient's father shared frustration that he has been unable to see Leo and feel strongly that he needs to be at the bedside to provide feedback on care. LSW emphasized that threatening harm to hospital staff will not be tolerated and that as a result the visitor restriction will remain until a meeting is had with Security, Nursing Leadership and Social Work to discuss expectations. The patients father stated that he wants Leo to be transfer to another hospital if he is unable to visit Leo. LSW assured the patient's father that the goal is for him to visit Leo but that behavior expectations must be complied with. The patient's father is available for a phone meeting in the afternoon to discuss next steps. The patient's father's phone is broken and does not have a designated phone number at this time. 


A phone meeting was held with: 


Catherine Heidenreich, assigned social worker
Jennifer Diem Inglis, SW supervisor
Richard O'Donnell, Security Supervisor


Richard O'Donnell outlined that Leo's father can return to the hospital on a trial basis for three hours a day during the week. Leo's father must turn in his parent badge and check in with security daily to be escorted to the bedside. The patient's father verbalized his agreement with the plan and would like to come to the bedside from 9 am to Noon so that he is able to attend medical rounds. Leo's father prefers to visit in the morning as he begins a new job on Wednesday and will be working from 4 pm to midnight. It was agreed upon by SW, Security and Nursing Leadership that the visitor restriction will be readdressed on 7/3/23. Furthermore, it was agreed upon that Leo's father must meet with Richard O'Donnell or another Security Supervisor on his first day visiting to ensure that behavior expectations are reviewed. 


The patient's father would like to meet with Nursing Leadership and NICU medical leadership to address care concerns. Leo's father would prefer to meet in person. LSW will coordinate a meeting once the patient's father identifies a day that he will return to the hospital. 



The patient's father will reach out to LSW to identify the day that he would like to return to the hospital. The complete visitor restriction will be revised once the patient's father contacts LSW to identify the day he would like to return to the hospital. 




Plan: LSW will continue to follow and provide support. 




Time Spent: 180 minutes
Acuity: Level 3 - Require support / counseling / coaching.  Advocacy required






Electronically signed:
Catherine R Heidenreich, LSW	
6/26/2023	4:00 PM
