 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



SOCIAL WORK NOTE 





PATIENT NAME: May Tuesday
CHOP MRN#: 56999043
DOB:  8/14/2008
TODAY'S DATE:  6/27/2023
TODAY'S TIME: 4:26 PM


Social work continues to follow this patient.  


Additional Comments: 


SW made several attempts to meet with father at bedside today, however unavailable.  
SW attempt to outreach mother by telephone several times today however unavailable.


SW received call from CLS for case discussion as it pertains to patient's sister, Ammie, and her increased distress at this time.  


SW arrived to 7 South playroom to meet with Ammie while her 2 yo son was playing.
Ammie sharing her conflictual interactions with mother while at the RMH last night, and states that mother told her she was no longer permitted to stay at RMH.  Ammie states she has outreached several persons from her home community, and nobody is able to come to CHOP to transport she and her son home.   Ammie states her personal vehicle broke down last week.  Ammie expressing that she and her child are stranded, and she wants to go home.  Ammie expressing she does not want to return to the RMH to stay another night because she does not want her child to witness conflict with her mother again.


SW collaboration with SW Leadership for case discussion; one time approval for $100.00 in Visa giftcards to purchase two one way train tickets leaving Amtrak Philadelphia 30th Street Station to Wilkes Barre for Ammie and her two year old son, due to adult aged sibling's current moment of crisis.  


SW asking if Ammie would be willing to return to RMH to resume planning tomorrow morning.  Ammie states she does not want to go back to RMH, and states her mother told her she was not permitted to stay there any longer.  SW spoke with Ammie to discuss approval for Lyft to get to 30th Street Station, and $100 visa gift card to pay for two one way train tickets.  SW provided written information that includes  Amtrak Philadelphia Station, and Amtrak train tickets to purchase (depart 30th Street Philadelphia Station and arrive Wilkes Barre Station).  SW informed Ammie, that concrete resources are not typically approved for extended family members and that this is a one time exception.  SW informed Ammie that the train departs about 5:40pm tonight and she would need to leave CHOP at this time to get there timely.  Ammie contacted MGM to inquire if she could assist with bringing her belongings from RMH and take her to 30th Street Station, however MGM unable at this time.  SW encouraging Ammie to ask for assistance once she arrives to train station with where to purchase tickets and where to get the train, as she states she has not taken a train before.


Per discussion, Ammie will accept approved concrete resources and not go to RMH to obtain her additional belongings at this time.  SW instructing Ammie to go to first floor main lobby information desk at this time, to obtain approved concrete resources and LYFT.  SW encouraging Ammie to contact her son's father and supports to identify a ride home from the train station later this evening.  SW informed Ammie the train should arrive to Wilkes Barre at 9:30pm.


SW approval via RedCap for Family Hospitality distribution at the main lobby information desk.


SW providing emotional support throughout intervention process via compassionate presence, attentive listening and direct and thoughtful feedback.  




Time Spent: 120 minutes


Acuity: Level 4 - Require significant advocacy to meet basic needs 


Electronically signed:
Jennifer H Kovic, MSW, LCSW	
6/27/2023	4:26 PM
























