					
 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



  SOCIAL WORK NOTE 
PATIENT/FAMILY ASSESSMENT 


PATIENT NAME: Sophia Lee
CHOP MRN#: 56449057
DOB:  10/8/2019


Referral Information:  


Referral Information 
Date/Time 06/29/23  
Admission/Appointment Date 06/22/23 
Referral Date 06/29/23 
Referral Source Social Work Initiated 
Reason for Referral Hospitalization Assessment 
Patient Location: Inpatient 
Primary Service: Complex Care: Yellow 
Consulting Service: GI;General Surgery 
Assessment Type Reassessment 




Social Setting:


Social Setting 
Date/Time 06/29/23  
Patient living situation: PARENT(S);RELATIVE(S);CHILDREN IN THE HOME 
Parent Information: Sophia lives with her Mom and Dad in Eagleville, PA. Mom does not work, Dad works outside the home. 
Relative Information: Maternal grandparents also live in the home. 
Children in the home Information: Sophia has a one year old sibling. 
School Status OTHER 
Other School Status Comment: Receiving Early Education Services. 




Custody/Consent Information:


Custody/Consent Information 
Date/Time 06/29/23  
Custody documentation: NOT APPLICABLE 
Who can provide consent for this patient? Mom and Dad. 
Is there a durable healthcare power of attorney, Advance Directive, or medical consent authorization in place? NO 
Is Guardianship in place? NO, GUARDIANSHIP NOT NEEDED 




Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors:


Patient and Family/Caregivers Strengths and Stressors 
Date/Time 06/29/23  
Mental Health NO 
Home Environment: NO 
Protective Services Involvement NO 
Housing Access NO 
Food insecurity NO 
Substance Abuse NO 
Legal Issues NO 
Patient and Family/Caregiver Strengths and Stressors: PARENT 
Parent Strengths Mom has a strong understanding of Sophia and her care, Mom displays as a loving and dedicated caregiver and mother to Sophia, spouse and extended family support, easily engages and asks good questions. 
Parent Stressors gaps in homecare shift nursing, current admission 
Existing Community Services/Outside Supports: HOME HEALTH SERVICES;TRANSPORTATION;PUBLIC ASSISTANCE/SSI;DME 
Transportation comment: Family has a car that they transport Sophia in. Family aware of MATP Mileage Reimbursement Program. 
Public assistance/SSI comment: Keystone First Medicaid 
DME comment: CHHC 




Assessment Summary:


Resource Needs 
Date/Time 06/29/23  
Resource Needs Problem(s) IN-HOME SERVICES 
Goal - In-Home Services Family will be supported and have resources to address gaps in home nursing. 
Intervention/Plan- In-Home Services SW provided Mom with information on registering Sophia with Montgomery County IDS through the Medically Complex Criteria. SW also provided information on services available through the waiver programs and the MA 51 and DP 10. Mom is interested in getting Sophia registered to hopefully gain access to more shift nursing or be a paid caregiver through the LifeSharing program. SW discussed the registration process. 




Adjustment: 
Date/Time 06/29/23  
Adjustment Problems ADJUSTMENT TO HOSPITALIZATION 
Goal- Adjustment to Hospitalization Family will feel supported and cope well during this admission. 
Intervention/Plan - Adjustment to Hospitalization SW will follow the family throughout this admission and provide appropriate resources and referrals. 




Relationships/Behavior 
Date/Time 06/29/23  
Relationships/Behavior Problem(s) NONE IDENTIFIED 




Professional Collaboration:


Professional Collaboration: 
Date/Time 06/29/23  
Professional Collaboration PARENT/CAREGIVER;SOCIAL WORK 
Time Spent (min) 30 min 
Acuity  Level 2 




SW reviewed pt chart and noted Compass Care SW conversations with the family regarding potentially registering for County IDS services. 


SW met with Mom to reintroduce self and support on CC Gold. Mom familiar with SW support from previous admissions and Compass Care. 


Mom shared about the family's ongoing struggles with gaps in home nursing. Mom shared good news that 4 night shifts were recently filled, which has provided her some nights to sleep. Mom shared that her and Dad recently debated having Sophia go to a residential placement due to the home nursing shortage, but have ultimately decided to keep her at home at this time. SW provided discussed support that could be provided through IDS registration, which Mom was very interested in getting started for Sophia. Mom with a brochure for Montgomery County IDS, information about services provided through waivers, and the registration forms. SW also relayed that they will need a copy of her birth certificate, Medicaid ID card, and SS card. Mom confirmed she has all of these documents together in a safe at home. SW encouraged Mom to reach out to this SW if she has any other questions about the process during this admission and that Compass Care SW can support the family outpatient. 


Mom was very grateful for the information provided. Mom denied any other needs at this time. Mom is focused on Sophia and her recovery. 


SW will continue to follow and check in with the family throughout this admission for ongoing SW support.




Emily Baumley
Social Worker
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
Dial: 67273 


Emily K Baumley
4:23 PM
6/29/2023
