 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 



   SOCIAL WORK PROGRESS RECORD 







PATIENT NAME: Boy Boy A Jedi Delcid-Delcid
CHOP MRN#: 56962016
DOB:  2/27/2023
TODAY'S DATE:  6/29/2023
TODAY'S TIME:  5:02 PM


Problems: 
Hospitalization, Diagnosis, Coping with illness/disability and Treatment 


Progress: Noted in pt's twin chart as well. LSW received a consult request from Dr. Naushad requesting that LSW meet with pt's Mom to assess current needs, available familial support, and mental health.



LSW called pt's Mom to introduce herself and LSW role. Mom confirmed being with the twins, so LSW met with pt's Mom at bedside to provide emotional support and assess for relevant concrete resource needs. Pt's Mom appropriately reflected on the twins' current medical status and her current support system. Mom reported she is not currently involved with the twins' father, but he is peripherally involved and pt's Mom reported the plan is for him to become more involved once pts discharge. Mom reported feeling well supported overall by her mother and siblings, as well as friends who live around the corner from the family and will serve as additional supports when pt's maternal grandmother is working this summer and once pt begins attending school again in the fall for her sophomore year. Pt's Mom reported she completed SSI paperwork for the twins yesterday. Pt's Mom reported a therapist had reached out to her this week and will continue to follow her weekly. Pt's Mom reported feeling comfortable and reported this was helpful overall. Mom reported pt's maternal grandmother is very helpful with her oldest son, Dylan, and is very supportive with the twins already as well. LSW screened family for concrete resources and disbursed meal vouchers and septa passes accordingly. Pt's Mom denied any additional questions or needs at this time.



LSW called Hospitality Team to confirm what amount is typically inputted for septa passes but Sam reported passes will automatically be set for one trip. LSW input septa passes and meal vouchers accordingly. Additional amount provided as pt's Mom will be completing a 12 hour stay with the twins on 6/30/23 and she reported her transit pass no longer works as school is on summer break.


Plan: LSW will continue to follow this pt and family and will provide ongoing emotional support and concrete resources as needed.


Time Spent: 90 minutes; Already noted in pt's twin chart


Acuity: 3; Already noted in pt's twin chart


Electronically signed:
Carly Athan	
6/29/2023	5:02 PM



 The Children's Hospital 
of Philadelphia 




  SOCIAL WORK Resource
Screening and Disbursement 







 *Coped from pt's twin chart*



Patient Name: Baby Boy B Jeidi Delcid-Delcid
Patient MRN: 56962018
Patient DOB: 2/27/2023



Today's Date: 6/29/2023
Admission Date: 3/6/2023



Patient screened today for concrete resource eligibility: 
Patient is eligible and Social Work provided the following resources:  Meal Vouchers: 6 and Tokens: 8 septa passes.
Reason for Disbursement: Unforseen/emergent admission-no available resources



Additional comments:  
LSW screened this pt and family for concrete resources, approved the above concrete resources, and completed the redcap form accordingly. Family will be due for reassessment on Monday, 7/3/23.





Carly Athan, MSW, LSW
Social Worker - Dialysis Unit



Electronically signed: Carly Athan 6/29/2023 4:48 PM 






