Every day, many people are either working or looking for work. Multiple aspects of 
employment — including job security, the work environment, financial compensation, 
and job demands — may affect health. This summary describes how several of these 
aspects of employment influence health.

The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) defines the labor force as individuals who are 
either employed (i.e., those who are working for pay or profit) or unemployed 
(i.e., those who are jobless but are available to work and have actively looked 
for work in the past 4 weeks). People who are neither employed nor unemployed are 
not part of the labor force. As of December 2019, approximately 260 million people 
in the United States were eligible for the labor force. Of those eligible, 63 
percent participated (i.e., were employed or unemployed), and the remaining 37 
percent were out of the labor force (e.g., retired).

In addition, some workforce participants are underemployed, a term that indicates 
"involuntary part-time employment, poverty-wage employment, and insecure 
employment (i.e., intermittent unemployment)." Underemployment includes situations 
where the social status and income of a job does not match an employee's education, 
abilities, and skills.

Harmful workplace conditions, including psychosocial stress, can increase the risk 
for negative health outcomes. In 2019, there were 2.8 million nonfatal and 5,333 
fatal injuries at work. Workers are prone to injuries and illness if their job 
includes repetitive lifting, pulling or pushing heavy loads; poor-quality office 
equipment (e.g., keyboards and chairs); long-term exposure to harmful chemicals 
such as lead, pesticides, aerosols, and asbestos; or a noisy work environment. In 
addition, highly demanding jobs and lack of control over day-to-day work 
activities are sources of psychosocial stress at work. Other sources of workplace 
stress include high levels of interpersonal conflict, working evening shifts, 
working more than 8 hours a day, and having multiple jobs. These stressors put 
people at risk for mortality and depression, and they may be correlated with 
increased parent-child conflict and parental withdrawal. People in highly stressful 
jobs may also exhibit unhealthy coping skills such as smoking or alcohol abuse.

Level of educational attainment is linked to disparities in employment because it 
affects the type of work people do, the working conditions they experience, and 
the income they earn. Workforce participants have different skill levels and 
educational backgrounds, which creates inequalities in wages, opportunities for 
advancement, job security, and other work benefits. Individuals with less 
education have fewer employment choices, which may force them into positions with 
low levels of control, job insecurity, and low wages. Individuals with less 
education are also more likely to have jobs that are physically demanding or 
include exposure to toxins.

Other factors also influence workplace disparities. Men are more likely to work 
longer hours, hold higher-status jobs, and have more physically demanding jobs. 
However, women report more work-related physical and mental health problems. Men 
tend to receive less support from coworkers and supervisors, while women are more 
likely to experience sexual harassment and related alcohol abuse.

Racial and ethnic disparities also exist in the workforce. White people are more 
likely to work in white-collar clerical jobs and to assume managerial positions, 
while Black people are more likely to work in blue-collar service jobs. Some 
racial/ethnic minority groups are also more likely to be unemployed. In October 
2019, the unemployment rate for Black people was 5.4 percent, compared to 3.2 
percent for White people. Additionally, Black people are more likely than White 
people to work in jobs that have a higher exposure to environmental risk factors 
and a higher risk for injury or illness. Workplace inequalities among racial/ethnic 
minority groups may cause anxiety, depression, and physical pain.

Unemployment can also have negative health consequences. Those who are unemployed 
report feelings of depression, anxiety, low self-esteem, demoralization, worry, 
and physical pain. Unemployed individuals tend to suffer more from stress-related 
illnesses such as high blood pressure, stroke, heart attack, heart disease, and 
arthritis. In addition, experiences such as perceived job insecurity, downsizing 
or workplace closure, and underemployment also have implications for physical and 
mental health.

Some strategies have been implemented to mitigate the negative health effects of 
unemployment and improve employee health and well-being. The Federal-State 
Unemployment Insurance Program provides temporary financial assistance to eligible 
workers who lost a job for reasons beyond their own control. Although unemployment 
benefits vary by state laws, some research indicates that larger state 
unemployment benefits may alleviate poor health outcomes associated with 
unemployment. A federal agency that supports workers is the Occupational Safety 
and Health Administration (OSHA), which helps regulate safe work environments. 
OSHA outlines the rights of workers and offers opportunities for workers to 
request a workplace inspection or file a safety complaint. Finally, employers may 
offer a range of resources and benefits to improve the well-being of their 
employees, including health insurance, paid sick leave, and parental leave. 
Employer health insurance provides access to affordable medical care and financial 
protection from unexpected health care costs. In 2019, 71 percent of civilian 
workers and 69 percent of private industry workers had access to health insurance, 
while 89 percent of state and local government employees had access. Additionally, 
paid sick leave allows employees to seek medical care for themselves or dependent 
family members without losing wages. Some employers also offer parental leave 
after the birth of a child, which is frequently unpaid. Maternity leave has been 
associated with a number of positive health outcomes for both women and children.

Additional research is needed to better understand the beneficial effects of 
employment on health and to promote interventions that address disparities in 
employment and health. This additional evidence will facilitate public health 
efforts to address employment as a social determinant of health.