Food insecurity is defined as a household-level economic and social condition of 
limited or uncertain access to adequate food. In 2020, 13.8 million households 
were food insecure at some time during the year. Food insecurity does not 
necessarily cause hunger, but hunger is a possible outcome of food insecurity.

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) divides food insecurity into 
the following 2 categories:

Low food security: "Reports of reduced quality, variety, or desirability of diet. 
Little or no indication of reduced food intake."

Very low food security: "Reports of multiple indications of disrupted eating 
patterns and reduced food intake."

Food insecurity may be long term or temporary. It may be influenced by a number 
of factors, including income, employment, race/ethnicity, and disability. The 
risk for food insecurity increases when money to buy food is limited or not 
available. In 2020, 28.6 percent of low-income households were food insecure, 
compared to the national average of 10.5 percent. Unemployment can also 
negatively affect a household's food security status. High unemployment rates 
among low-income populations make it more difficult to meet basic household food 
needs. In addition, children with unemployed parents have higher rates of food 
insecurity than children with employed parents. Disabled adults may be at a 
higher risk for food insecurity due to limited employment opportunities and health 
care-related expenses that reduce the income available to buy food. Racial and 
ethnic disparities exist related to food insecurity. In 2020, Black non-Hispanic 
households were over 2 times more likely to be food insecure than the national 
average (21.7 percent versus 10.5 percent, respectively). Among Hispanic 
households, the prevalence of food insecurity was 17.2 percent compared to the 
national average of 10.5 percent. Potential factors influencing these disparities 
may include neighborhood conditions, physical access to food, and lack of 
transportation.

Neighborhood conditions may affect physical access to food. For example, people 
living in some urban areas, rural areas, and low-income neighborhoods may have 
limited access to full-service supermarkets or grocery stores. Predominantly 
Black and Hispanic neighborhoods may have fewer full-service supermarkets than 
predominantly White and non-Hispanic neighborhoods. Convenience stores may have 
higher food prices, lower-quality foods, and less variety of foods than 
supermarkets or grocery stores. Access to healthy foods is also affected by lack 
of transportation and long distances between residences and supermarkets or 
grocery stores.

Residents are at risk for food insecurity in neighborhoods where transportation 
options are limited, the travel distance to stores is greater, and there are 
fewer supermarkets. Lack of access to public transportation or a personal vehicle 
limits access to food. Groups who may lack transportation to healthy food sources 
include those with chronic diseases or disabilities, residents of rural areas, 
and some racial/ethnicity groups. A study in Detroit found that people living in 
low-income, predominantly Black neighborhoods travel an average of 1.1 miles 
farther to the closest supermarket than people living in low-income predominantly 
White neighborhoods.

Adults who are food insecure may be at an increased risk for a variety of 
negative health outcomes and health disparities. For example, a study found that 
food-insecure adults may be at an increased risk for obesity. Another study found 
higher rates of chronic disease in low-income, food-insecure adults between the 
ages of 18 years and 65 years. Food-insecure children may also be at an 
increased risk for a variety of negative health outcomes, including obesity. They 
also face a higher risk of developmental problems compared with food-secure 
children. In addition, reduced frequency, quality, variety, and quantity of 
consumed foods may have a negative effect on children's mental health.

Food assistance programs, such as the National School Lunch Program (NSLP); the 
Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) program; and the Supplemental Nutrition 
Assistance Program (SNAP), address barriers to accessing healthy food. Studies 
show these programs may reduce food insecurity. More research is needed to 
understand food insecurity and its influence on health outcomes and disparities. 
Future studies should consider characteristics of communities and households that 
influence food insecurity. This additional evidence will facilitate public health 
efforts to address food insecurity as a social determinant of health.